Affirm logo
Affirm
Share
Show more options
Staff Software Engineer, Backend (Search Platform) 
Spain · Reposted 2 weeks ago · 12 people clicked apply
Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn
RemoteMatches your job preferences, workplace type is Remote.   Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.   Mid-Senior level
8 of 10 skills match your profile - you may be a good fit
Curious where you stand? See how you compare to 12 others who clicked apply. Reactivate Premium

Apply
 
Save
Save Staff Software Engineer, Backend (Search Platform)  at Affirm
Staff Software Engineer, Backend (Search Platform)
Affirm · Spain (Remote)

Apply
 
Save
Save Staff Software Engineer, Backend (Search Platform)  at Affirm
Show more options
People you can reach out to



Francisco Javier and others in your network

Show all
Meet the hiring team

Rolando Angelini is hiring
Rolando Angelini  
 2nd
Engineering leader
4 mutual connections

Message
About the job
Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.

The Search Platform team is building the next generation of Affirm Marketplace Search, helping millions of consumers find the best financing options with increasingly relevant search results.

We are a high-impact team leveraging cutting-edge technologies to build and maintain a highly available, scalable search platform. Our work directly shapes the user experience, driving business growth and innovation.

As part of our team, you will collaborate with cross-functional product, engineering, and data science teams to experiment, iterate, and optimize search relevance. Solve complex technical challenges in information retrieval, ranking, embeddings, and large-scale distributed systems, and work in a fast-paced, growth-oriented environment where your ideas and contributions will have a direct impact.

We foster a supportive and collaborative culture, where engineers take ownership, challenge the status quo, and grow together. If you're excited about search, machine learning, and building impactful consumer experiences, come join us in shaping the future of Affirm’s Marketplace!

What You'll Do

You will be responsible for setting technical strategy for your team on a year-long time scale, and help your team tie it together with critical, business-impacting projects.
You will collaborate across teams in the product development lifecycle by collaborating with product management, design & analytics to ensure technical sustainability, risks and trade-offs are well understood and managed.
You will act as a force-multiplier for your team through your definition and advocacy of technical solutions and operational processes.
You take ownership of your team’s operations and availability by ensuring you have the right monitoring, triage rotations, playbooks, policies, testing and alerting in place to support “keep the lights on” & on-call efforts.
You will foster a culture of quality and ownership on your team by setting code review and design standards for your team, and advocating for them beyond your team through your writing and tech talks.
You will help develop talent on your team by providing feedback and guidance, and leading by example.
On-Call Rotation - There would be an on-call rotation for this role as a requirement.

What We Look For

You have 8+ years of experience designing, developing and launching backend systems at scale using languages like Python or Kotlin.
You have an extensive track record of developing highly available distributed systems using technologies like AWS, MySQL, Spark and Kubernetes.
You have experience delivering major features, system components or deprecating existing functionality in a system through the definition of a technical and execution plan. You write high quality code that is easily understood and used by others.
You thrive in ambiguity, and are comfortable moving from low level language idioms all the way to the architecture of large systems to understand how they work.
Your growth and impact trajectory demonstrates that you have mastered gathering and iterating on feedback from your engineering and cross-functional peers.
You have strong verbal and written communication skills that support effective collaboration with our global engineering team.
Extensive experience with OpenSearch, ElasticSearch or other search technologies - would be ideal
Experience productizing ML based search solutions - would be ideal

Compensation & Benefits

Base Pay Grade - P

Equity Grade - 6

Employees new to Affirm typically come in at the start of the pay range. Affirm focuses on providing a simple and transparent pay structure which is based on a variety of factors, including location, experience and job-related skills.

Base pay is part of a total compensation package that may include monthly stipends for health, wellness and tech spending, and benefits (including 100% subsidized medical coverage, dental and vision for you and your dependents). In addition, the employees may be eligible for equity rewards offered by Affirm Holdings, Inc. (parent company).

ESP base pay range per year: €101,000 - €131,000

Additional Benefits Include

Flexible Spending Wallets for tech, food and lifestyle
Away Days - wellness days to take off work and recharge
Learning & Development programs
Parental leave
Employee Resource & Community Groups

We are able to offer visa sponsorship for this role, but do require that someone is based in Spain for the role.

Location - Remote Spain

Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.

Benefits

We’re extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include:

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe It’s On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.

[For U.S. positions that could be performed in Los Angeles or San Francisco] Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, Affirm will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

By clicking "Submit Application," you acknowledge that you have read Affirm's Global Candidate Privacy Notice and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
