About the job
Job Description

Are you a developer who loves solving complex problems?

Are you a passionate engineer with high attention to details?

Join Guardicore (now Akamai Enterprise Security Group)

Guardicore (now Akamai!) is changing the way organizations protect their data centers and clouds from advanced threats. Our team boasts some of the most talented and experienced cyber security and data center experts inthe field. We're always looking for new people to inspire us and make us better

Join Engineering Microsegmentation Backend Team

As a Senior Backend Developer you will help us build a world class scalable backend platform. You will be responsible for the end-to-end feature lifecycle. You will take ownership for design and architecture, through to implementing, testing and releasing the feature

As a Senior BackEnd Developer, you will be responsible for:

Building a world class scalable backend platform to ensure a robust, stable and high-performing environmen
Writing reliable, efficient, secure, and scalable code
Coding in Python and GO as the main languages
Collaborating with different engineering teams, product teams, and operations while developing one of the most central components of theproduct

Do What You Love

To be successful in this role you will:

Have 3-5 years of experience in BackEnd development
Have good experience in object-oriented software development
Demonstrate experience in Backend Development using Python, Go or comparable (Ruby/Java/C#/C++/Rust)
Have passion for debugging and solving complex problems
Experience working with one of the following technologies: Elasticsearch, MongoDB, Redis, RabbitMQ, Kafka, celery, big-data technologies
Have versatility and the ability to learn and become proficient in new subjects quickly

Work in a way that works for you

FlexBase, Akamai's Global Flexible Working Program, is based on the principles that are helping us create the best workplace in the world. When our colleagues said that flexible working was important to them, we listened. We also know flexible working is important to many of the incredible people considering joining Akamai. FlexBase, gives 95% of employees the choice to work from their home, their office, or both (in the country advertised). This permanent workplace flexibility program is consistent and fair globally, to help us find incredible talent, virtually anywhere. We are happy to discuss working options for this role and encourage you to speak with your recruiter in more detail when you apply.

Learn what makes Akamai a great place to work

Connect with us on social and see what life at Akamai is like!

We power and protect life online, by solving the toughest challenges, together.

At Akamai, we're curious, innovative, collaborative and tenacious. We celebrate diversity of thought and we hold an unwavering belief that we can make a meaningful difference. Our teams use their global perspectives to put customers at the forefront of everything they do, so if you are people-centric, you'll thrive here.

Working for you

Benefits

At Akamai, we will provide you with opportunities to grow, flourish, and achieve great things. Our benefit options are designed to meet your individual needs for today and in the future. We provide benefits surrounding all aspects of your life:

Your health
Your finances
Your family
Your time at work
Your time pursuing other endeavors

Our benefit plan options are designed to meet your individual needs and budget, both today and in the future.

About Us

Akamai powers and protects life online. Leading companies worldwide choose Akamai to build, deliver, and secure their digital experiences helping billions of people live, work, and play every day. With the world's most distributed compute platform from cloud to edge we make it easy for customers to develop and run applications, while we keep experiences closer to users and threats farther away.

Join us

Are you seeking an opportunity to make a real difference in a company with a global reach and exciting services and clients? Come join us and grow with a team of people who will energize and inspire you!