Camunda logo
Camunda
Share
Show more options
Senior Software Engineer, Backend - Data Layer 
EMEA · 4 days ago · Over 100 people clicked apply
Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn
RemoteMatches your job preferences, workplace type is Remote.   Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.
8 of 10 skills match your profile - you may be a good fit
Curious where you stand? See how you compare to over 100 others who clicked apply. Reactivate Premium

Apply
 
Save
Save Senior Software Engineer, Backend - Data Layer  at Camunda
About the job
Want a closer look at life at Camunda? Join our next Life@Camunda webinar "No Office. No 9-to-5. Just Results." to see what fully remote work looks like in action. Join us on June 24, 2025. [Register here!]

We are Camunda - where your work will have real impact! Picture yourself at a company where your work isn’t just another task on a list, but a key driver of transformation for hundreds of organizations. Your work will directly shape how hundreds of enterprises like Atlassian, NASA, and Goldman Sachs – orchestrate their most critical processes to drive digital transformation.

In 2024, we crossed the $100 million mark in ARR – an incredible milestone in our growth story. We’ve been named in GP Bullhound’s 2024 Top 100 Next Unicorn list, we’ve earned Flexa’s stamp as a truly flexible workplace, and we proudly hold Great Place to Work certification in both the USA and UK. As a fully remote, global company, we’re rewriting the rules of how modern businesses operate.

And we’re just getting started! We are growing fast and on a mission to find the very best talent in the world. If you’re ready to bring your bold ideas to a fast-paced, dynamic team, keep reading – this role could be the one you’ve been waiting for.

About the role:

The Data Layer team is responsible for designing, maintaining, and optimizing the data systems of the Core application. This means building robust and scalable solutions in a data-intensive application, while focusing on high performance and efficiency
Ownership of the data layer involves developing features relating to data storage, monitoring and improving read and write performance, and collaborating with other teams to support application development and its evolving data requirements
Technologies used by the team are: Java, Relational Databases (PostgreSQL, Oracle, MariaDB), Elasticsearch/OpenSearch, Spring Boot, Spring, Maven, Docker, Helm
We value engineers that own the design, implementation, and documentation for large features. You'll collaborate with and occasionally direct, or be directed by other engineers, depending on who is responsible for the feature
The team currently has 4 Backend Engineers, and collaborates closely with colleagues from QA, Product Management, and other teams across the business

Curious about the kind of challenges you'll work on at Camunda? Watch this quick 30-minute talk from our engineers to learn more about the new Camunda Exporter and how we’re solving complex problems at scale

What You’ll Be Doing:

The Data Layer team builds the systems that process, structure, and optimize process automation event streams for efficient querying by applications and services. As a mission-critical team, their work directly impacts application stability, business decision-making, and the company's success.

We are looking for an experienced Senior Software Engineer to help design and implement solutions to complex problems, and take a leading role in evolving the data architecture to serve our customer’s needs. You will work closely with both Product Managers and other Engineers.

Your responsibilities will include:

Contributing to the design and delivery of new features and improvements to ensure they are secure, well-tested, and performant, while aligning with our internal standards for style, maintainability, and best practices. You'll help uphold and advocate for these standards through code reviews
Monitoring and troubleshooting database performance, and taking the initiative to determine continuous improvements to our processes, tooling and product
Collaborating with Product Managers, Product Designers, our Documentation team, and other stakeholders to maintain a high bar for quality in a fast-paced, iterative environment
Helping our customers resolve problems operating and using our software as part of 3rd-level support
Performing spikes to discover technical requirements and solutions to problems with high technical uncertainty

What You Bring:

5+ years of experience as a Java Backend Engineer
Excellent knowledge and experience using Java and at least one of the following Databases: Elasticsearch/OpenSearch, Relational Databases (PostgreSQL, Oracle, MariaDB)
Practical experience working with Spring, Spring Boot, Maven, and Docker
A pragmatic and autonomous approach to programming and problem solving
Ambition and drive to understand and evolve an established codebase and data model that solves complex business problems
A "can do" mindset and believe that through collaboration, we can solve the hardest technical problems
Passion to coach other engineers, making other people better by sharing your expertise, and improving team practices
You thrive in taking ownership of the codebase, as well as how you deploy and operate software. You are comfortable with the “you build it, you run it” mindset.
Ability and/or willingness to use our product

Nice-to-haves:

Experience with both RDBMS and Elasticsearch is strongly preferred
Knowledge of building and maintaining CI pipelines

#EMEA

What We Have to Offer:

Compensation

For external hires, we consider the skills and experience of the incoming candidate, but typically place candidates in the first half of the range to ensure ample room for growth over the entire lifecycle of the role.

Below is the annual Total Target Cash Compensation (Total Cash) range for Camundi located in one of our entities. Total Cash refers to base salary and 100% attainment of variable target, where applicable. Actual Total Cash offered will depend on factors such as skills and qualifications related to the role. To comprise the Total Rewards package, Camunda also offers equity (where applicable) in the form of a Virtual Employee Stock Option Plan and benefits based on the country of residence.

The annual Total Cash range for this position for Camundi in our entities is as follows:

United States: $131,200.00 to $196,800.00 
Germany: €87,300.00 to €130,900.00
United Kingdom: £85,000.00 to £127,500.00
Singapore: S$162,900.00 to S$244,400.00

If you are outside one of these countries, you would be employed by our Preferred Employer Organization (PEO), Remote. After applying for the role and speaking with one of our Talent Acquisition Partners, you will be provided a link to access the Camunda Total Rewards Calculator which will outline the Total Cash range for your country.

Benefits

A remote by design culture, we believe talent is global! 
We support our employees in maintaining a healthy work/life balance, so we offer and encourage flexible time off at Camunda. Use your flexible time for anything that helps you recharge your batteries or maintain your life outside of work. 
A home office equipment budget and the choice of hardware. Mac, Windows, Linux - you choose what works best for you or/and you can work from a coworking space.
We are committed to fostering a nurturing workplace where your health is prioritized and we help you to thrive. That's why we've teamed up with Modern Health to provide a global well-being program accessible to all Camundi.
Beyond therapy and coaching sessions, Modern Health also offers guided meditations, digital wellness kits, and accessible learning content ranging from mental health, financial wellness, physical movement and more! 
To promote movement we also pay towards your fitness activities.
Power your self-driven learning journey and elevate your skills by unlocking up to 1000 $/€/£ annually with the Professional Growth Benefit.
We understand our employees contribute immeasurably to Camunda’s success. To allow employees to benefit from that success, every Camunda employee is offered virtual shares from our Virtual Stock Option Plan (VSOP). 
More of what we offer globally & in your country can be found here.

"Everyone is welcome at Camunda” — this is a celebrated component of our culture. We strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our people. At Camunda, we honour diverse cultures and backgrounds and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to gender, race, ethnicity, religion, belief, sexual orientation, age, disability or any other protected characteristics under applicable law. We are looking forward to your application!

Did we pique your interest? Apply now and learn more. For a complete list of jobs at Camunda, please check out: https://camunda.com/career/.
