Ceros logo
Ceros
Share
Show more options
Senior Software Engineer 
European Union · Reposted 19 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply
Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn
RemoteMatches your job preferences, workplace type is Remote.   Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.   Mid-Senior level
8 of 10 skills match your profile - you may be a good fit
Curious where you stand? See how you compare to over 100 others who clicked apply. Reactivate Premium

Apply
 
Save
Save Senior Software Engineer  at Ceros
Meet the hiring team

Craig Matthews
Craig Matthews  
 2nd
Senior Talent Partner at Ceros & Founder of ICCE Growth Partners
Job poster · 2 mutual connections

Message
About the job
🌎 Location: Remote within the UK and Europe
⬆ Reporting Into: Lead Software Engineer

About Ceros
At Ceros, we believe that creating powerful digital experiences is essential for helping organizations tell their stories and differentiate their brands. In a world where buyers are inundated with endless digital noise, it’s critical for brands to deliver experiences that inspire, educate, and make a lasting impact on the audiences that matter most.

Our no-code content creation platform empowers businesses to transform the buying journey with rich, interactive experiences that capture the attention of buyers and drive enduring business outcomes. The platform makes it faster, easier, and more cost-effective to create premium digital experiences, allowing businesses to scale it across their go-to-market programs.

Today, Ceros powers some of the most engaging experiences on the web. In 2023 alone, interactive content created with Ceros — from websites to landing pages and pitch decks to case studies— was viewed more than half a billion times, with over 3 million comments added using MarkUp, our visual collaboration tool.

Working at Ceros means making an impact at scale. Our platform supports leading brands including Workday, Colliers, Getty, McKesson, and McKinsey. Ceros is backed by top-tier investors, including Sumeru Equity Partners, Grotech Ventures, and Greycroft.

About the Team
As part of the Ceros Product team, you’ll be working with a small, cross-functional group of the most talented people you’ve ever worked with. We hire only passionate and creative people with a proven and unquestionable ability to execute, and every member of the team is equally responsible for moving the product forward.

We have a dynamic company culture that collaborates daily. We care deeply about the user experience, and we debate passionately about our ideas. When you work at Ceros, you check your ego at the door, and you aren’t afraid to be honest, especially to yourself. We take our jobs seriously but ourselves not so much. As a member of a remote-first team, you embrace transparency and collaboration.

The Role
Designing and building the Ceros platform is an ambitious task. We require the best-of-the-best Software Engineers, Designers, and Quality Engineers, ready to build a best-in-class web content design studio, often pushing web browsers to the limits of what’s currently possible.
Our software engineers are all full-stack, able to handle whatever work comes their way. This role is no different, however, we anticipate the responsibilities being initially more backend focused.

We're refactoring a key part of our product to introduce new features that will help our customers take their content creation to the next level. This is a greenfield project focused on innovating a specific component of our product, not merely replicating it. As a candidate, you would be joining one of our modernization teams dedicated to this refactor, playing a crucial role in shaping the future of our product. Our technology stack includes Web Components, React, NextJS, NestJS, AWS Aurora, Yjs, Terraform, Docker, GitHub Actions, and WebDriver.io, among others. While we’re driving this innovation, we remain committed to preserving the strengths and stability of the existing product.

Key Responsibilities
Writing well-architected, maintainable code (probably goes without saying)
Planning and leading high-complexity stories and epics
Reviewing story plans and offering insights on impacts to other parts of the application
Collaborating closely with the Quality Engineering team to write and maintain automated and regression tests, ensuring robust and reliable code
Participating in constructive code review sessions that focus on quality and productivity, while balancing the need to ship features in a timely manner
Focusing on delivering an exceptional user experience, with a strong attention to detail that reflects our commitment to creating intuitive and effective products
Participating as a primary on-call resource for service disruptions on rotation
Suggesting new technologies and techniques to improve engineer productivity
Collaborating with and mentoring your peers on security best practices
And finally, deploying your code to production and seeing the customer create something amazing and beautiful with it
Practical stuff we anticipate you having 
Track record of project ownership and exceptional product delivery
Competent in TypeScript, Node.js and SQL
Knowledgeable on best practices in front-end architecture
Experience working across a broad spectrum of the tech stack, with the ability to assist in tasks such as writing Terraform resources, creating GitHub Actions, or developing API endpoints, in addition to a primary focus on design conversion.
Experience working on realtime applications, examples of which include no-code/whiteboarding/collaboration platforms, visualisation tools, 2D/3D applications in the browser, etc.
Experience working with design formats and understanding their underlying structure is advantageous but not essential
What we're looking for from the heart 
You excel in navigating ambiguity, where complex and evolving requirements are more typical than clear-cut customer demands
You approach large challenges incrementally, preferring a test-and-learn methodology over prolonged heads-down development
You are self-motivated and proactive, with progress often driven by your own initiative and that of your team
Experience in a fast-moving startup environment desirable
You look to uplevel others around you, supporting teams outside of your specific project
Key Things to Know
This is a full-time position
This is a remote-first role, working hours aligned with European time zones
Benefits
📍 Global remote-first organization
🏥 Private medical insurance*
🏦 Pension scheme matching*
📈 Stock options
👶 Paid parental leave: 12 weeks for primary caregivers, 4 weeks for secondary caregivers
🌴 Flexible time off
🤒 Paid Sick days
💵 Stipend for your home office setup
💻 Excellent gear (Macbook Pro, external monitor, etc.)
👩‍💻👨‍💻 Stipend towards experiences in which Cerosians can collaborate, educate, and create social connections with one another
🏢 Unlimited access to co-working spaces around the globe
*Varies based on location

Please be aware of fraudulent job offers. Ceros will never request payment, banking details, or sensitive personal information during the hiring process. All official communication will come from a @ceros.com domain or from our Greenhouse email account. If you receive a suspicious message, do not respond and report it to jobscams@ceros.com. This email address is intended solely for reporting suspicious activity. Job applications sent to this address will not be reviewed.

At Ceros, we are deeply committed to the recruitment, retention, and growth of diverse talent; uniting people from unique backgrounds in our shared passion for unlocking creativity through technology.

As an equal opportunity employer, we prohibit any unlawful discrimination against a job applicant on the basis of their race, color, religion, veteran status, parental status, gender identity or expression, transgender status, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability or genetic information. We respect the laws enforced by the EEOC and are dedicated to going above and beyond in fostering diversity across our company.