Elastic logo
Elastic
Share
Show more options
Senior Software Engineer - Detections and Response Team 
Spain · Reposted 2 weeks ago · Over 100 people clicked apply
Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn
RemoteMatches your job preferences, workplace type is Remote.   Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.
9 of 10 skills match your profile - you may be a good fit
Curious where you stand? See how you compare to over 100 others who clicked apply. Reactivate Premium

Apply
 
Save
Save Senior Software Engineer - Detections and Response Team  at Elastic
Senior Software Engineer - Detections and Response Team
Elastic · Spain (Remote)

Apply
 
Save
Save Senior Software Engineer - Detections and Response Team  at Elastic
Show more options
People you can reach out to



Alejandro· and others in your network

Show all
About the job
Elastic, the Search AI Company, enables everyone to find the answers they need in real time, using all their data, at scale — unleashing the potential of businesses and people. The Elastic Search AI Platform, used by more than 50% of the Fortune 500, brings together the precision of search and the intelligence of AI to enable everyone to accelerate the results that matter. By taking advantage of all structured and unstructured data — securing and protecting private information more effectively — Elastic’s complete, cloud-based solutions for search, security, and observability help organizations deliver on the promise of AI.

What is The Role:

The Security Detection Rule Management team is building detection and alerting features that are at the core of the Elastic Security product. The Elastic stack is widely used among the security analyst community and detection engineers, and our team is working to improve the workflows and user experience of these users. In this role, you will be solving the broad problem of detecting suspicious events and triggering alerts based on them. Specifically, you will be focused on improving the user experience of managing detection rules, monitoring their health and performance, distributing prebuilt rules created by security experts internally at Elastic, customizing prebuilt rules and resolving conflicts via an automated diff/merge strategy, improving these workflows with Generative AI, and making sure all that works at scale.

The team is diverse and distributed. You will be working remotely with people from Germany, Netherlands, Spain, United States, United Kingdom, and more. We meet via Zoom, brainstorm in Google Docs, plan and discuss in public GitHub issues, and chat on Slack.

What You Will Be Doing:

Write, test and maintain high-quality, client-side and server-side TypeScript code.
Build features and UI workflows that serve detection engineering use cases.
Create Node.js APIs and background tasks that do data searches and manipulations.
Create dev tools that might help us improve our development process.
Work on open-source, contribute to the Kibana codebase and issues, communicate with the Elastic community via GitHub, Slack, and discussion forums.
Work with our support team to help customers answer questions and resolve issues.

What You Bring:

Experience in developing reasonably complex software with high quality over multiple years, as well as maintaining it in production environments. Large scale is a plus.
Experience in TypeScript, React, Node.js.
Experience in Elasticsearch and the Elastic stack is a plus.
Hands-on experience in writing robust unit, integration, and E2E tests.
Focus on quality. You are a great code reviewer and you often find bugs and suggest UX improvements when reviewing or testing other people’s work. You care how the software is designed.
Ability to work autonomously in a distributed team throughout the world. You’re great at driving projects without much guidance. You effectively use many async and sync communication methods and tools to make it clear and transparent for your team and stakeholders.

Additional Information - We Take Care of Our People:

As a distributed company, diversity drives our identity. Whether you’re looking to launch a new career or grow an existing one, Elastic is the type of company where you can balance great work with great life. Your age is only a number. It doesn’t matter if you’re just out of college or your children are; we need you for what you can do.

We strive to have parity of benefits across regions, and while regulations differ from place to place, we believe taking care of our people is the right thing to do.

Competitive pay based on the work you do here and not your previous salary
Health coverage for you and your family in many locations
Ability to craft your calendar with flexible locations and schedules for many roles
Generous number of vacation days each year
Increase your impact - We match up to $2000 (or local currency equivalent) for financial donations and service
Up to 40 hours each year to use toward volunteer projects you love
Embracing parenthood with a minimum of 16 weeks of parental leave

Different people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating an inclusive culture that celebrates different perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.

We welcome individuals with disabilities and strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all individuals. To request an accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email candidate_accessibility@elastic.co. We will reply to your request within 24 business hours of submission.

Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws and can view the following posters linked below:

Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) Poster

Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA) Poster

Elasticsearch develops and distributes technology and information that is subject to U.S. and other country export controls and licensing requirements for individuals who are located in or are nationals of the following sanctioned countries and regions: Belarus, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Russia, Syria, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the Donetsk People’s Republic (“DNR”), and the Luhansk People’s Republic (“LNR”). If you are located in or are a national of one of the listed countries or regions, an export license may be required as a condition of your employment in this role. Please note that national origin and/or nationality do not affect eligibility for employment with Elastic.

Please see here for our Privacy Statement.

Different people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.

We welcome individuals with disabilities and strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all individuals. To request an accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email candidate_accessibility@elastic.co We will reply to your request within 24 business hours of submission.

Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws, view posters linked below:

Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) Poster; Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Poster; and Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA) Poster.
