Elastic logo
Elastic
Share
Show more options
Search - Developer Tools - Node - Software Engineer I 
Spain · Reposted 3 days ago · Over 100 people clicked apply
Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn
RemoteMatches your job preferences, workplace type is Remote.   Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.
8 of 10 skills match your profile - you may be a good fit
Curious where you stand? See how you compare to over 100 others who clicked apply. Reactivate Premium

Apply
 
Save
Save Search - Developer Tools - Node - Software Engineer I  at Elastic
Search - Developer Tools - Node - Software Engineer I
Elastic · Spain (Remote)

Apply
 
Save
Save Search - Developer Tools - Node - Software Engineer I  at Elastic
Show more options
People you can reach out to



Alejandro· and others in your network

Show all
About the job
Elastic, the Search AI Company, enables everyone to find the answers they need in real time, using all their data, at scale — unleashing the potential of businesses and people. The Elastic Search AI Platform, used by more than 50% of the Fortune 500, brings together the precision of search and the intelligence of AI to enable everyone to accelerate the results that matter. By taking advantage of all structured and unstructured data — securing and protecting private information more effectively — Elastic’s complete, cloud-based solutions for search, security, and observability help organizations deliver on the promise of AI.

What is The Role:

We are looking for a Software Engineer to join the Developer Tools Team. In this role, you will bring your expertise in programming languages and ecosystems to our distributed team of engineers from various technical disciplines. You will help build, maintain, and support client libraries and framework integrations. An interest in working across a range of projects and programming languages, with a particular focus on Javascript, is essential. Ideally, you will also have experience developing software in an open-source environment.

The Developer Tools Team is primarily responsible for creating libraries, SDKs, and other tools that simplify the integration of the Elastic product suite into user applications. Your role will involve developing and maintaining this software, engaging with developer communities, and contributing to both team-wide projects and cross-team collaborations.

You will be working on fully open sourced code that is embedded within user applications, so will need to understand the implications of writing software in the open, versioning and managing product releases, and interacting with users directly in a public setting.

Prior experience with the Elastic product suite is not essential, but is beneficial.

What You Will Be Doing:

You'll be developing,maintaining, and supporting libraries and third-party integrations for the Elastic Stack in Javascript
You'll participate in the design and development of team-wide projects.
You'll support users through GitHub issues, forums, and official support channels.
You'll collaborate with maintainers of external projects (e.g., GenAI frameworks) to facilitate integration with the Elastic Stack.
You'll represent Elastic within relevant communities and ecosystems.

What You Bring:

Minimum 2 years of backend software engineering experience.
Proven experience in building, releasing, supporting and maintaining software products for a broad user base.
Recent working experience of at least one major programming language, such as Javascript.
Knowledge of developing software within an open-source environment.
Knowledge of industry best practices in software engineering.
A strong focus on usability and developer experience.
A genuine interest in technology and an active interest in exploring multiple programming languages.
An understanding of core AI principles and LLMs.
Excellent communication, collaboration, and interpersonal skills.
A willingness to work as part of a remote, globally distributed team.
Clear thinking, self-motivation, and the ability to learn and work independently

Compensation for this role is in the form of base salary. This role does not have a variable compensation component. The typical starting salary range for new hires in this role is listed below.

These ranges represent the lowest to highest salary we reasonably and in good faith believe we would pay for this role at the time of this posting. We may ultimately pay more or less than the posted range, and the ranges may be modified in the future.

An employee's position within the salary range will be based on several factors including, but not limited to, relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, geographic location, performance, and business or organizational needs.

Elastic believes that employees should have the opportunity to share in the value that we create together for our shareholders. Therefore, in addition to cash compensation, this role is currently eligible to participate in Elastic's stock program. Our total rewards package also includes a company-matched Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP) with dollar-for-dollar matching up to 6% of eligible earnings, along with a range of other benefits offered with a holistic emphasis on employee well-being.

The typical starting salary range for this role is:

$89,100—$141,000 CAD

Additional Information - We Take Care Of Our People

As a distributed company, diversity drives our identity. Whether you’re looking to launch a new career or grow an existing one, Elastic is the type of company where you can balance great work with great life. Your age is only a number. It doesn’t matter if you’re just out of college or your children are; we need you for what you can do.

We strive to have parity of benefits across regions and while regulations differ from place to place, we believe taking care of our people is the right thing to do.

Competitive pay based on the work you do here and not your previous salary
Health coverage for you and your family in many locations
Ability to craft your calendar with flexible locations and schedules for many roles
Generous number of vacation days each year
Increase your impact - We match up to $2000 (or local currency equivalent) for financial donations and service
Up to 40 hours each year to use toward volunteer projects you love
Embracing parenthood with minimum of 16 weeks of parental leave

Different people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to creating an inclusive culture that celebrates different perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.

We welcome individuals with disabilities and strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all individuals. To request an accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email candidate_accessibility@elastic.co. We will reply to your request within 24 business hours of submission.

Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws, view posters linked below: Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) Poster; Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision Poster; Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA) Poster and Know Your Rights (Poster)

Elasticsearch develops and distributes encryption software and technology that is subject to U.S. export controls and licensing requirements for individuals who are located in or are nationals of the following sanctioned countries and regions: Belarus, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Russia, Syria, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, the Donetsk People’s Republic (“DNR”), and the Luhansk People’s Republic (“LNR”). If you are located in or are a national of one of the listed countries or regions, an export license may be required as a condition of your employment in this role. Please note that national origin and/or nationality do not affect eligibility for employment with Elastic.

Please see here for our Privacy Statement.

Different people approach problems differently. We need that. Elastic is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law, ordinance or regulation.

We welcome individuals with disabilities and strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all individuals. To request an accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please email candidate_accessibility@elastic.co We will reply to your request within 24 business hours of submission.

Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws, view posters linked below:

Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) Poster; Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Poster; and Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA) Poster.

Please see here for our Privacy Statement.