Glovo logo
Glovo
Share
Show more options
Senior Platform Engineer - Infrastructure Runtime (They/She/He) 
Greater Barcelona Metropolitan Area · 1 day ago · 14 people clicked apply
Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn
Hybrid  Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.   Mid-Senior level
7 of 10 skills match your profile - you may be a good fit
Curious where you stand? See how you compare to 14 others who clicked apply. Reactivate Premium

Apply
 
Save
Save Senior Platform Engineer - Infrastructure Runtime (They/She/He)  at Glovo
Senior Platform Engineer - Infrastructure Runtime (They/She/He)
Glovo · Greater Barcelona Metropolitan Area (Hybrid)

Apply
 
Save
Save Senior Platform Engineer - Infrastructure Runtime (They/She/He)  at Glovo
Show more options
People you can reach out to
Universidad Politécnica de Madrid logo
Universidad Politécnica de Madrid logo
School alumni from Universidad Politécnica de Madrid

Show all
About the job
If you’re here, it’s because you’re looking for an exciting ride.

A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone.

We’ll deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together.

Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 23 countries.

Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.

What makes our ride unique? 

🤝 Our strong culture and non-vanilla personality. 

💪 A Talent House. 

🤝 Our commitment to being a force for good. 

We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. Our vision is ambitious, for that we need driven talent! And this is where your ride starts…

YOUR MISSION

We are hiring within the Platform cluster in the Infrastructure Runtime team at Glovo, responsible for building and scaling the foundations enabling engineering velocity, system reliability, and platform resilience.

We are looking for a Senior Platform Engineer who will raise the bar at a company level, leading cross-team initiatives, serving as a technical reference in the Infrastructure domain, and mentoring engineers while shaping our Kubernetes, GitOps, and CI/CD platform strategies.

THE JOURNEY

Contribute to technical projects that evolve our Kubernetes-based compute platform on AWS, with a focus on reliability, scalability, and developer productivity.
Help iterate on our GitOps workflows using Argo CD and Argo Rollouts for safe, automated, and progressive deployments.
Improve CI/CD best practices by building and maintaining scalable GitHub Actions pipelines.
Implement and enhance secure, multi-tenant infrastructure using Infrastructure as Code (Terraform).
Solve challenging problems in distributed systems, service discovery, container orchestration, and platform observability.
Take ownership of critical compute and networking infrastructure to ensure high performance, availability, and cost efficiency.
Build and maintain internal tooling and automation scripts using Go and Python.
Ensure our systems remain robust, reliable, and support smooth business operations.
Collaborate with platform and product engineers to propagate best practices and platform knowledge.
Share learnings with the team through documentation, pairing, and technical discussions.

What You Will Bring To The Ride

3+ years of relevant infrastructure experience, ideally in a platform team.
Solid experience with Kubernetes internals, observability, and cloud-native architecture (EKS a plus).
Programming proficiency in Golang
Hands-on experience with AWS services (EC2, S3, IAM, VPC, etc.) and Terraform.
Familiarity with GitOps principles and tooling (Argo CD, Argo Rollouts, or similar).
Good understanding of CI/CD systems (GitHub Actions or similar).
Networking and security knowledge (VPCs, DNS, ingress, TLS, etc.).
Experience working on technical projects and collaborating across teams.
Ability to analyze and improve performance and cost efficiency of distributed systems.
Awareness of event-driven architectures and reliability engineering practices.
Strong written and verbal communication skills in English.

Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100% of these areas. Even if it seems you don't meet our musts don't let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.

We Believe Driven Talent Deserves

🌟 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
💪 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
🍔 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings!
💳 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses or office-based nursery.
🏊 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
🏖️ The freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year and personal days off.
👪 Enhanced parental leave.
🧠 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racial/diverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard.

Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., she/her/hers, he/him/his, they/them/theirs, etc).

So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 