Grafana Labs logo
Grafana Labs
Share
Show more options
Staff Backend Engineer - Grafana Databases Pyroscope (Remote, Spain) 
Spain · 1 day ago · 10 people clicked apply
Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn
RemoteMatches your job preferences, workplace type is Remote.   Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.   Mid-Senior level
7 of 10 skills match your profile - you may be a good fit
Curious where you stand? See how you compare to 10 others who clicked apply. Reactivate Premium

Apply
 
Save
Save Staff Backend Engineer - Grafana Databases Pyroscope (Remote, Spain)  at Grafana Labs
People you can reach out to
Universidad Politécnica de Madrid logo
Universidad Politécnica de Madrid logo
School alumni from Universidad Politécnica de Madrid

Show all
About the job
This is a remote opportunity and we would be interested in applicants from Spain only at this time. 

Staff Backend Engineer - Grafana Databases Pyroscope 

What We Do

We are the creators of Pyroscope, an open-source continuous profiling database that offers rapid, scalable, highly reliable, and efficient storage and querying capabilities. It aids in gaining a comprehensive insight into resource utilization within applications, right down to the specific line of code. The project seamlessly integrates with Grafana, enabling users to correlate profiling data with metrics, logs, and traces, and leverage profiles as a crucial component of application observability. Our dedicated backend development team works closely with clients and the Grafana Cloud teams to deliver profiling solutions for on-premises and cloud environments at scale.

In our expansive domain, some of the projects we have undertaken include:

Implementing distributed systems to effectively manage profile ingestion and queries.
Establishing instrumentation support for various programming languages including Golang, Dotnet, Java, Ruby, eBPF, Python, Node.js, and Rust.
Built & Enhanced the functionality of the Pyroscope plugins to provide users with an intuitive interface for exploring and analyzing application profiles.


This position focuses on implementing distributed systems to effectively manage profile ingestion and queries.

Pyroscope is trusted by leading multinational companies for essential applications and infrastructure. We prioritize innovation and inclusivity, empowering every team member to share ideas that improve our product as a dependable solution.

What will you be doing? 

Collaborate with your team to deliver new features, analyze outcomes, and make improvements
Lead projects from concept to implementation, including ongoing customer support
Design, build, operate, and maintain essential systems, ensuring reliability, performance, and availability
Take an active role in influencing our roadmap and your own career objectives 
Participate in on-call rotations and take responsibility for the services you oversee
Support and mentor team members, engage in design conversations, and work closely with colleagues
Expand your skill set by deepening your knowledge of our cloud products, understanding our customers, and learning about our codebase


As we have embraced a remote-first approach and our engineering team is primarily remote, it is essential to possess strong communication skills and the ability to work independently. We provide support and hold regular meetings through video calls to ensure effective collaboration and alignment.

What are we looking for in you? 

You are a motivated self-starter with a bias toward action
We build everything with our users in mind.
You have a passion for creating intuitive products that fit customers’ needs.
Pragmatism: You are able to take on complex challenges and break them down to achieve short feedback loops: to analyze, design, and build modular solutions, deliver MVPs, gather data and feedback and then progress iteratively
Collaboration and communication: The smallest unit we have is a team. You’ll be working with your teammates in a fully remote setup. Good communication skills are a must


Requirements

Solid experience with at least one programming language. We use Go, but if you have familiarity with Python, C, C++, Rust or similar then that translates well
Some experience with delivering projects from gathering requirements, brain-storming ideas all the way to shipping a product to the customer’s hands in a self-driven way
Strong experience with designing and developing software that runs in the Cloud or experience with systems engineering
Experience writing clean, robust, and performant software that is easily maintained by others.
Experience with being on-call and performing operations/SRE tasks or with the concept of infrastructure as code
Solid experience with distributed systems
Experience working with Kubernetes


Nice To Haves

Been a user of Grafana and Prometheus in operational roles (including on-call for your team at a previous employer or just using these tools on hobby/homelab projects)
Exposure to microservices architecture
Databases backend experience


In Spain, the Base compensation range for this role is EUR 91,286 - EUR 109,544. Actual compensation may vary based on level, experience, and skillset as assessed in the interview process. Benefits include equity, bonus (if applicable) and other benefits listed here.

Compensation ranges are country-specific. If you are applying for this role from a different location than listed above, your recruiter will discuss your specific market’s defined pay range & benefits at the beginning of the process.


About Grafana Labs: There are more than 20M users of Grafana, the open source visualization tool, around the globe, monitoring everything from beehives to climate change in the Alps. The instantly recognizable dashboards have been spotted everywhere from a NASA launch and Minecraft HQ to Wimbledon and the Tour de France. Grafana Labs also helps more than 3,000 companies -- including Bloomberg, JPMorgan Chase, and eBay -- manage their observability strategies with the Grafana LGTM Stack, which can be run fully managed with Grafana Cloud or self-managed with the Grafana Enterprise Stack, both featuring scalable metrics (Grafana Mimir), logs (Grafana Loki), and traces (Grafana Tempo).

Benefits: For more information about the perks and benefits of working at Grafana, please check out our careers page.

Equal Opportunity Employer: At Grafana Labs we’re building a company where a diverse mix of talented people want to come, stay, and do their best work. We know that our company runs on the hard work and the dedication of our passionate and creative employees. If you're excited about this role but your experience doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways.

We will recruit, train, compensate and promote regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, disability, age, veteran status, and all the other fascinating characteristics that make us different and unique. We believe that equality and diversity builds a strong organization and we’re working hard to make sure that’s the foundation of our organization as we grow.

For information about how your personal data is used once you’ve applied to a job, check out our privacy policy.