ICE logo
ICE
Share
Show more options
Senior Backend Engineer (m/f/d) – Finance Royalty Processing – Germany/UK/Spain – Remote or Hybrid 
Spain · 2 weeks ago · 11 people clicked apply
Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn
RemoteMatches your job preferences, workplace type is Remote.   Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.   Mid-Senior level
8 of 10 skills match your profile - you may be a good fit
Curious where you stand? See how you compare to 11 others who clicked apply. Reactivate Premium

Apply
 
Save
Save Senior Backend Engineer (m/f/d) – Finance Royalty Processing – Germany/UK/Spain – Remote or Hybrid  at ICE
Senior Backend Engineer (m/f/d) – Finance Royalty Processing – Germany/UK/Spain – Remote or Hybrid
ICE · Spain (Remote)

Apply
 
Save
Save Senior Backend Engineer (m/f/d) – Finance Royalty Processing – Germany/UK/Spain – Remote or Hybrid  at ICE
Show more options
About the job
About ICE
ICE is a purpose-driven organisation, founded by rightsholders, for rightsholders.
We exist to support songwriters, enabling societies and publishers to accurately compensate them when their work is used internationally.
We operate at the exciting intersection of technology, music, and data.
Since our 2010 launch, we have paid billions to rightsholders through deep expertise in Copyright, Processing and Licensing.
Our collaboration with stakeholders across the industry delivers best practice, new processes & innovative solutions for better royalty flows.
Strategic investment in technology enables us to process trillions of streams, to deliver the maximum revenue for rightsholders.
ICE has grown to distribute more than €1bn in royalties per year, licensing music services such as Spotify, Apple, YouTube and TikTok.

About The Team
In Finance Royalty Processing we are building scalable, event-driven services. We prioritize rapid release cycles, code quality, and collaboration with our business partners. We optimise our delivery process via platform that enables seamless testing, deployment, and monitoring across our entire technology stack.

Our values include:
Taking ownership and responsibility of initiatives to completion,
Embrace autonomy without constant direction and control,
Clear communication and teamwork,
High-quality software and engineering practices,
You build it, you run it,
Continuous learning and improvement,
To create software systems that meet business needs and drive impact, in an environment characterized by a highly collaborative mindset and a vibrant exchange with the business team.
What you will find in our current tech stack:
Backend services with Scala,
Service communication via Kafka (Confluent Cloud),
Infrastructure-as-code automation with Pulumi (Typescript),
Our infrastructure is cloud-native and hosted on AWS,
Github Actions for builds and workflow automation,
DataDog for observability, monitoring and alerts.

About The Role
As a Senior Backend Engineer, you will play a pivotal role in the development and enhancement of our software products, designed to facilitate the accurate and timely delivery of music royalties to musicians, composers, and publishers, ultimately allowing the artists to keep doing their amazing work.

You will be part of a self-organizing product engineering team which is using Scala to realize complex software systems composed by event-driven, scalable services. We prioritize high release cadence and maintaining code quality, which we achieve through managed CI/CD, infrastructure as code, and test automation.

This role is open to candidates who are currently residing in the UK, Germany, Spain or those who have the legal right to work in either country.

Requirements and Qualifications:
Must-haves:
A strong background in the design and implementation of scalable, resilient, service oriented architectures.
Minimum 5 years of back-end development experience.
At least two years of experience with Scala (preferably with http4s, doobie, cats, cats-effect).
Experience working with relational and non-relational databases.
Building applications using DevOps principles and CI/CD.
Test-Driven Development, Version Control.
A team-first mindset.
Should-haves:
Experience with AWS
Experience with event-driven architectures / Apache Kafka and Kafka Streams.
Experience with Domain-Driven Design and Collaborative modelling.
Knowledge of applying object-oriented and functional programming styles to real-world software engineering problems.
Experience in enhancing and ensuring a high level of observability and monitoring in the context of highly distributed systems.
Experience working in an environment driven by Agile principles, applying Lean and Kanban or Scrum practices.
Nice-to-haves:
Experience with large-scale and data-intensive systems, handling terabytes of data and tens of thousands of messages per second.
Experience with Infrastructure as a Code (preferably Pulumi).
You like music :)
What we offer:
Competitive local benefits based on your location
We promote flexible working regarding time and/or place
Both mental and physical health initiatives
Corporate pension scheme
Comprehensive training and development opportunities
Industry insider events, team socials and company events
Enhanced holiday allowance

We welcome candidates from all backgrounds, regardless of age, disability, gender, gender identity, gender expression, race, religion or belief, sexual orientation, socioeconomic background, and any other protected characteristic.
We are committed to making all stages of our recruitment process accessible to candidates with disabilities. Please speak to our recruitment team and we will work with you to make reasonable adjustments to ensure you can perform at your best throughout your application.