Senior Back-end Ruby Engineer
Remote within United States, Europe, South America
Posted 3 months ago
Join the team of Fintech and Billing experts building the YC-Funded Market Leader in Open Source Billing Software
Tech stack
Ruby
fintech
Open Source
Ruby on Rails
THE TEAM AND YOUR ROLE

We're a team of 12 today, and we're all about Product, FinTech and Open Source.
Our Product is really tech-driven, as we process and structure a lot of data, and build for developers so we have numerous exciting back-end challenges!
Your role includes:

Contribute daily to all parts of our code base, using our development workflow
Tackle a wide variety of technical problems throughout the stack
You will also have to help grow the back-end team
You will also work with our Product Team, and our Front-end Engineers to:

Understand customer needs and challenges
Come up with technical solutions to create and improve the best features, and our architecture
THE PERSON WE ARE LOOKING FOR

Strong knowledge of Ruby
Experience working with lots of data and event-driven environments
A genuine passion for Open-Source: if you’ve contributed to OSS projects or used OSS tools, let us know!
Bonus: you’ve worked on billing or tax projects: whether it was to implement a billing system, or maintain it, or integrate it with business tools (e.g., a CRM, Finance tools)
A real appetite for the early stages of co-creating a product and shaping Lago's future
Competitive package including equity ; Remote-friendly ; Regular workations, usually by the ☀️🌊🏄‍♀️

About the interview

20-min first call
Technical case or pairing
Review of the case with the team
Offer
What we commit to:

Your time is precious, and we'll do our very best to be time-conscious with yours.
If you're open to it, we commit to give you the most constructive feedback as possible on your case, as we are aware it's quite an investment of time on your side.
We approach recruiting as a 2-way street, we make offers when we have a strong conviction on the mutual fit: in terms of skills, mindset, cultural fit
OUR VALUES

Ambition: we aim big, because otherwise, where is the fun?
Progress: we care more about the grit, the steep learning curve, the resilience and creativity muscles, than the current status or where you come from.
Humble confidence: we know our strengths and always strive for excellence, but we also know there’s so much we don’t know yet
Pay it forward: we’ve all started somewhere, people gave us a hand when we needed one, we don’t forget this, and reinforce this positive cycle
Not taking ourselves too seriously: we are ambitious, restless learners and hustlers, but at the end of the day, our health (physical and mental), and our loved ones are what matter the most.
Main stack: Ruby

Job type: Full-time only

Eng type: Backend

Min. experience: 5/6 years

Remote: Yes. We also have a brand new office in Paris city center!