About the job
At Lighthouse, we’re on a mission to disrupt commercial strategy for the hospitality industry. Our innovative commercial platform takes the complexity out of data, empowering businesses with actionable insights, advanced pricing tools, and cutting-edge business intelligence to unlock their full revenue potential.

Backed by $370 million in series C funding and driven by an unwavering passion for growth, we’ve welcomed five companies into our journey and have surpassed $100 million in ARR in 2024. Our 700+ teammates span 35 countries and represent 34 nationalities.

At Lighthouse, we’re more than just a workplace – we’re a community. Collaborative, fun, and deeply committed, we work hard together to revolutionize the hospitality sector. Are you ready to join us and shine brighter in the industry’s most exciting rocket-ship? 🚀

What You Will Do

We are looking for a Lead Backend Engineer who is passionate about clean, readable, and scalable code, and can design comprehensive solutions that inspire others to build maintainable and scalable services You will be responsible for building high-performance APIs that transform terabytes of data into valuable insights that help over 100.000 hotels worldwide make well-informed decisions.

Your team works in close collaboration with our product team and a highly talented group of software engineers, DevOps engineers and project managers to drive initiatives forward.

In a fast-growing scale-up priorities might shift from time to time. You’ll gain experience and ownership in different domains depending on your ambition.

Where you will have impact

Work on new feature developments for our existing products as well as creating new products from scratch.
Architect, code and maintain existing & new Python/Go (micro-)services.
Deploy and monitor services in a reproducible and scalable way.
Develop a high affinity with our various, often complex, datasets by crunching large amounts of data on the fly in API implementations and data processing jobs.
Experiment with, think about and take ownership of a piece of our codebase/infrastructure and find ways to improve it, both in terms of performance/efficiency and structure/best practices.
Ensure high quality deliverables through extensive testing as part of your development process.
Be part of the product scrum-teams, creating high performing and efficient APIs related to new feature developments.

About Our Team

The team builds and scales innovative pricing solutions that provide intelligent price recommendations for hoteliers, directly impacting revenue and profitability. They design, implement, and integrate the systems required to support these business-critical processes and data flows. This involves architecting core abstractions (e.g., data and business modeling), backend components, and a service landscape that allows other engineering teams to efficiently build upon their work, ensuring the continued success of our most profitable products.. Your future stakeholders are other engineers and power users on the business side.

You’ll be part of a highly skilled engineering team with hubs in Ghent and Madrid. We want to give you the best tools, equipment and atmosphere to work from wherever you want.

Who You Are

Master’s or Bachelor’s degree in a STEM field
5+ years of professional experience in a similar position
Experience writing Python and/or Go
Experience with microservice architectures and any cloud platform (we work with GCP)
A passion for efficiency and performance optimizations, preferably in the field of data processing and algorithm design
Affinity with challenging status-quo of overall API design and architecture
Proven experience dealing with large datasets in a NoSQL environment
Fluent in English

Technologies you will work with

Google Cloud, Kubernetes, Istio, Python, Django, Go, Bigtable, FoundationDB, Spanner

(feel free to ask us why these are the best fit for us)

What's In It For You

Flexible working environment: Work from home or at one of our global offices.
Flexible time off: Autonomy to manage your work-life balance.
Alan Healthy benefits: 160€/month for food, transportation, or nursery.
Language learning: 40€/month on Preply.
Comprehensive health insurance: 100% Alan coverage for you, your spouse, and dependents.
Collaborative team: High-bar, friendly, creative, and passionate colleagues.
Career development: Workshops, frameworks, tools, training, and processes to realize your full potential.
Impactful work: Shape products relied on by 85,000+ users worldwide.
Competitive compensation: Proactively maintained to value your work.
Referral bonuses: Earn rewards for bringing in new talent.

Thank you for considering a career with Lighthouse. We are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace that values equal opportunity for all. We welcome candidates from all backgrounds, regardless of age, gender, race, religion, sexual orientation, and disability. We actively encourage applications from individuals with disabilities and are dedicated to providing reasonable accommodations throughout the recruitment process and during employment to ensure all qualified candidates can participate fully. Our commitment to equality is not just a policy; it's part of our culture.

If you share our passion for innovation and teamwork, we invite you to join us in shaping the future of the hospitality industry. At Lighthouse, our guiding light is to be an equal opportunity employer, and we encourage individuals from all walks of life to apply. Not ticking every box? No problem! We value diverse backgrounds and unique skill sets. If your experience looks a little different from what we've described, but you're passionate about what we do and are a quick learner, we'd love to hear from you.

We value the unique perspective and talents that you bring, and we're excited to see how your light can shine within our team. We can't wait to meet you and explore how we can grow and succeed together, illuminating the path towards a brighter future for the industry.