N26 logo
N26
Share
Show more options
Backend Engineer - Memberships 
Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain · 1 day ago · 28 people clicked apply
Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn
Hybrid  Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.   Entry level
10 of 10 skills match your profile - you may be a good fit
Curious where you stand? See how you compare to 28 others who clicked apply. Reactivate Premium

Apply
 
Save
Save Backend Engineer - Memberships  at N26
Backend Engineer - Memberships
N26 · Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain (Hybrid)

Apply
 
Save
Save Backend Engineer - Memberships  at N26
Show more options
People you can reach out to
Universidad Politécnica de Madrid logo
Universidad Politécnica de Madrid logo
School alumni from Universidad Politécnica de Madrid

Show all
About the job
About The Opportunity

You will work in the Grow & Engage domain. This is the heart of the customer experience ranging from the acquisition and signup to our premium membership tiers and the daily engagement of our users. You will work in teams delivering the newest and most innovative features serving our customers in the best way possible.

We are seeking a talented Backend Engineer to evolve our product, powered by a microservice architecture predominantly written in Kotlin. Our cross-functional teams are passionate about collaboration and sharing knowledge, as well as working with a high degree of autonomy. As a Backend Engineer at N26, you will be encouraged to embrace the latest technological updates and given a platform to work on complex, interesting problems on a daily basis.

We highly encourage people from under-represented groups in tech to apply.

In This Role, You Will

Collaborate closely with your Tech Lead on architecting new features and seeing them through to completion
Design, develop, test, deploy and maintain software in a thriving environment
Have opportunities to mentor junior members in the team by relentlessly guarding code quality through pull requests and helping them when they have questions
Stay up to date with the latest trends in technology and you are not afraid to propose some findings during our Get Stuff Done Days
Work within your cross-functional team to uphold the highest technical standards right across the product

What You Need To Be Successful

Experience in developing software using a JVM language and Spring Boot in large-scale production systems (note: experience of Kotlin would be a plus)
Sound understanding of microservice architecture
Knowledge of both relational and non-relational databases, preferably Postgres
Appreciation of working in a modern cloud architecture, preferably with AWS

Traits

Actively help yourself (and others) be successful
Continuously learn and challenge the status quo
Think globally, act locally
Strong bias for action
Give and receive open, direct and timely feedback

Whats In It For You

Accelerate your career growth by joining one of Europes most talked about disruptors .
Employee benefits that range from a competitive personal development budget, work from home budget, discounts to fitness & wellness memberships, language apps and public transportation. 
Come together with your team in the office for a dedicated day of teamwork each week, plus another day of your choice, and enjoy the flexibility of remote work the rest of the time. Some roles may require additional in-office presence.
As an N26 employee you will have access to a Premium subscription on your personal N26 bank account. As well as subscriptions for friends and family members. 
Additional day of annual leave for each year of service. 
A high degree of autonomy and access to cutting edge technologies - all while working with a friendly team of peers of diverse nationalities, life experiences and family statuses. 
A relocation package with visa support for those who need it.

Who We Are

N26 has reimagined banking for todays digital world. Technology and design empower everything we do and its how we are building the global banking platform the world loves to use.

We've eliminated physical branches, paperwork, and hidden fees for an elegant digital experience and supreme savings. Giving people the power to live and bank their way is what gets us out of bed in the morning and inspires the work that we do.

We are headquartered in Berlin with offices in multiple cities across Europe, including Vienna and Barcelona, and a 1,500-strong team of more than 80 nationalities.

Sounds good? Apply now for this position.

Equal Opportunities

We recognize that our strength lies in our people and the varied perspectives they bring to our workforce. We strive to build talented and diverse teams to drive our business success and empower our people to reach their full potential.

We genuinely welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, cultures, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, neurodiversities, and ages. We're committed to creating an inclusive workspace where everyone feels valued and respected, free from harassment and discrimination. If there's anything you need to make the application process work for you, please let us know.

Visit our website to learn more about Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion at N26.