Nivoda logo
Nivoda
Share
Show more options
Senior Software Engineer - Data Feeds
Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain · 2 days ago · 12 people clicked apply
Responses managed off LinkedIn
RemoteMatches your job preferences, workplace type is Remote.   Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.   Mid-Senior level
8 of 10 skills match your profile - you may be a good fit
Curious where you stand? See how you compare to 12 others who clicked apply. Reactivate Premium

Apply
 
Save
Save Senior Software Engineer - Data Feeds at Nivoda
About the job
Nivoda: Where Innovation and Gemstones Meet

At Nivoda, we are passionate about empowering jewelry retailers and gemstone suppliers to thrive in today's dynamic market. As the leading B2B diamond and gemstone marketplace, we are dedicated to providing an exceptional platform that connects jewellery businesses of all sizes with the global diamond supply.

Our team of over 500 dedicated employees, many with a wealth of industry experience, have meticulously developed our award-winning platform that addresses the unique challenges of the jewellery sector. With Nivoda, you can buy and sell diamonds securely, efficiently, hassle-free, and at the most competitive prices.

Engineering At Nivoda

Technology is at the heart of Nivoda’s business, powering everything we do. Within our remote-first team, we foster a culture of innovation and collaboration where engineers can thrive. Join us and be part of a dynamic environment that values creativity, empowers individuality, and recognizes excellence. Together, we push boundaries to deliver groundbreaking solutions and leave a lasting impact on the global industry.

About The Role

As the Senior Engineer of Data Feeds Team , you will play a pivotal role in integrating thousands of Diamond/Jewellery suppliers in real time with Online Jewellery web store across Globe and empowering them with the ability to customize markup and selection. You will also lead the team to build and refine our Growth focused Scalable and Resilient Data Feeds System.

What You'll Do

Drive the expansion of Nivoda's data feeds and API offerings with scalability, reliability, and security, collaborating with cross-functional teams to identify and prioritise customer requirements. 
Develop and refine our Online customers consume Nivoda’s offerings, ensuring they are scalable, competitive, and aligned with product-led vision. 
Provide technical leadership and mentorship to developers, fostering a culture of innovation, collaboration, and continuous improvement. 
Collaborate with product managers, architects, and stakeholders to define technical requirements and translate business needs into technical solutions. 
Ensure adherence to best practices, coding standards, and quality guidelines throughout the development lifecycle. 
Troubleshoot and resolve complex technical issues, providing timely support to internal teams and external customers. 
Stay up to date on emerging technologies, industry trends, and best practices, proactively identifying opportunities to enhance Nivoda's platform

Your qualifications and experience:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field. 
6+ Years of Experience and Good amount of Tech Leadership experience predominantly in building / Architecting resilient and scalable platforms or systems. 
Proven experience as a Senior Engineer with a strong ownership track record of leading successful projects from inception to delivery. 
Strong knowledge of any of the Backend languages Node.js / Python, with experience in designing database schemas and queries. 
Experience working with streaming data tools such as Kafka, Apache Spark, or Apache Flink. 
Solid understanding of GraphQL API design principles, microservices architecture, and distributed systems. 
Proficiency in building Cloud Native Distributed systems in any cloud platforms (AWS, GCP .)
Excellent problem-solving skills and a passion for tackling complex technical challenges. 
Strong communication skills, with the ability to effectively collaborate with cross-functional teams and stakeholders. 
Prior Experience in building Pricing Rule Engine or Monetisation platforms would be a bonus. 

What we offer:

Dynamic working environment in a rapidly growing company. 
Enjoy a pleasant, low-hierarchy work environment. 
Engage in intellectually challenging work that contributes significantly to Nivoda’s success and scalability. 
Flexible working hours and a vibrant company culture. 
Plenty of opportunities for growth and learning. 
Unlimited holiday allowance. 
Chance to join and contribute to a company during its exponential expansion phase.