Okta logo
Okta
Share
Show more options
Senior Software Engineer, Platform Infrastructure 
Spain · Reposted 3 hours ago · 52 applicants
Promoted by hirer · Actively reviewing applicants
RemoteMatches your job preferences, workplace type is Remote.   Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.
6 of 10 skills match your profile - you may be a good fit
See how you compare to 52 applicants. Reactivate Premium

Easy Apply
 
Save
Save Senior Software Engineer, Platform Infrastructure  at Okta
Senior Software Engineer, Platform Infrastructure
Okta · Spain (Remote)

Easy Apply
 
Save
Save Senior Software Engineer, Platform Infrastructure  at Okta
Show more options
People you can reach out to
Flywire logo
Flywire logo
Company alumni from Flywire and others in your network

Show all
About the job
Get to know Okta

Okta is The World’s Identity Company. We free everyone to safely use any technology, anywhere, on any device or app. Our flexible and neutral products, Okta Platform and Auth0 Platform, provide secure access, authentication, and automation, placing identity at the core of business security and growth.

At Okta, we celebrate a variety of perspectives and experiences. We are not looking for someone who checks every single box - we’re looking for lifelong learners and people who can make us better with their unique experiences.

Join our team! We’re building a world where Identity belongs to you.

Senior Software Engineer, Platform Infrastructure

The Auth0 platform secures more than 100 million logins each day for customers all around the world - and we're growing fast! The Platform Infrastructure team enables Auth0 engineers to move faster by giving them tools to easily deploy and manage their services on AWS and Azure. This is a role with a huge impact. You will get to work with engineers throughout the organization and what you build will be a foundational piece of the infrastructure that allows Auth0 to scale for years to come.

We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer who is passionate about distributed systems, availability, and delivering customer value. Because we build and support the overall Auth0 platform, the ideal candidate is someone who is passionate about infrastructure, operations, and not intimidated by cross-organization coordination and collaboration.

You will:

Provision, deploy, configure and scale AWS and Azure cloud resources via infrastructure-as-code
Implement a platform runtime that allows development teams to deploy and manage their services on Kubernetes in AWS and Azure.
Research and implement solutions that address cross cutting concerns such as service discovery, configuration, routing and scaling.
Design and develop new services, tools and automation to expose environment functionality to other Auth0 engineering teams.
Coach and mentor engineers at all levels up to their peer level.
Discover and advocate for new technologies to accelerate new environment creation.
Carry cross team initiatives from end to end: code reviews, design reviews, operational robustness, security hygiene, etc.
Participate in the team's on-call rotation. 

 You might be a good fit if you:

Have 6+ years of software development experience.
Are proficient in Golang.
Have a deep understanding of Kubernetes and containerization.
Have DevOps experience using cloud-agnostic, cloud-native technologies.
Demonstrable knowledge of TCP/IP and HTTP fundamentals.
Have demonstrable expertise working with Microsoft Azure and/or Amazon Web Services.
Have experience managing infrastructure with Terraform at scale.
Tend to deliver work incrementally to get feedback and iterate over solutions.
Have a passion for working on systems that are highly reliable, maintainable, scalable and secure.
Bring the right attitude to the team: ownership, accountability, and attention to detail.
Are comfortable working on a fully-distributed team.

Extra Points:

Have significant experience working with Redis, Kafka and/or PostgreSQL at scale.
Familiarity with gRPC.
Aware of the best practices when creating Docker images.

What you can look forward to as a Full-Time Okta employee!

Amazing Benefits
Making Social Impact
Developing Talent and Fostering Connection + Community at Okta

Okta cultivates a dynamic work environment, providing the best tools, technology and benefits to empower our employees to work productively in a setting that best and uniquely suits their needs. Each organization is unique in the degree of flexibility and mobility in which they work so that all employees are enabled to be their most creative and successful versions of themselves, regardless of where they live. Find your place at Okta today! https://www.okta.com/company/careers/.

Some roles may require travel to one of our office locations for in-person onboarding.

Okta is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, or status as a protected veteran. We also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and convictions records, consistent with applicable laws.

If reasonable accommodation is needed to complete any part of the job application, interview process, or onboarding please use this Form to request an accommodation.

Okta is committed to complying with applicable data privacy and security laws and regulations. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy at https://www.okta.com/privacy-policy/.