PLAYTOMIC logo
PLAYTOMIC
Share
Show more options
Senior Backend Engineer (Payments.) 
RemoteMatches your job preferences, workplace type is Remote.   Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.

About the job
🎯 Your mission

As a Senior Backend Engineer in the Payments team at Playtomic, you will be responsible for developing robust and scalable payments solutions for our product, ensuring high performance, consistent and secure transactions.

👩🏽‍💻 What You’ll Be Doing

Develop and maintain APIs and their services, enabling seamless communication between the frontend and backend, and facilitating third-party integrations to enhance the overall functionality of the payments services.
Work closely with cross-functional teams, including product managers, product designers and frontend/mobile engineers, to devise innovative solutions.
Collaborate with third-party payment gateways to integrate and optimize secure payment processing, ensuring compliance with industry standards and regulations.
Ensure high performance and responsiveness to requests from the frontend
Maintain a high code quality by continuously optimizing and improving our backend through code reviews, profiling, and implementing best practices and company's standards.


👥 Who You’ll Be Playing With

You will be part of the engineering team (30 people) reporting directly to an Engineering Manager, working in the Payments team in daily collaboration with Product and other engineers.

🦄 Our Ideal "Player"

Experience with payment gateway integrations and secure transaction processing is a must.
Proven experience as a Backend Engineer. Familiarity with the whole web stack, including protocols, system architecture, database design, and web server optimization techniques. In particular, experience with Spring Boot 3, Java 17, MongoDB, MySQL (aurora), Kubernetes is preferred.
Extensive experience in designing, developing, and maintaining APIs.
Strong communication skills to convey complex technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with a proactive approach to identifying and addressing technical challenges.
Ability to adapt to a fast-paced and dynamic work environment, with a focus on delivering high-quality solutions within specified timelines.
Located in Madrid or able to travel to Madrid when needed
Excellent spoken and written English is a must
Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field


🤓 Extra points

Proven track record in designing and implementing payment systems or financial platforms.
Experience working with remote and partially remote and multicultural teams.
Experience working in start-ups and scale-ups


🤝 What’s In It For You

Social benefits (63 € a month in one of these: health insurance/tickets restaurant), flexible salary in training and kindergarten.
Gympass discounts in several plans that include gyms, personal classes, access to free apps of wellbeing, nutrition etc.
Annual budget for training
Opportunity to work in a top international team
23 days of vacation + day off on your birthday + 2 days off for Wellness days in August.
1 additional day off per year worked.


➡️ Our hiring process

1st interview with People Team
2nd interview with Playtomic's Engineering Managers, Technical Leadership and Product to assess your technical, product and communication skills.


About PLAYTOMIC 🎾

We are world’s largest racket sports App for players and clubs. Our goal is to socialize sports practice: through the app, players can book courts, find other players with similar skill levels, and join a social community dedicated to playing.

Since 2017, Playtomic has earned the trust of national and international investors, consolidating it as one of the main world players in sports digitalization. You will find +150 co-workers around the world with headquarters in Spain and offices in Italy, Portugal, Sweden, Finland, Belgium, UK, EEUU and Mexico.

Take a look to our candidate playbook!