Senior Ruby on Rails Developer
Remote, Europe
This role is part of the Rewardful team, one of our growing brands at saas.group.

Rewardful is one of the brands under saas.group's umbrella. Since its launch in 2018, Rewardful has been making it super easy for SaaS companies to handle their affiliate programs using Stripe or Paddle. It's the go-to choice for over 2,600 SaaS brands aiming to set up and scale their programs. Our small but expanding distributed team is the heart of Rewardful. We're a group of friendly, collaborative professionals who genuinely enjoy working together. Our work environment fosters creativity and innovation, making every day an opportunity for our team to learn and grow.

Profile Overview

As the new member of our Engineering Team, you'll play a key role in enhancing Rewardful's affiliate management platform for SaaS companies. You'll design and implement new features, optimize existing systems, and contribute to the product's growth. Working in a distributed team, you'll collaborate closely with colleagues to solve complex challenges, improve performance, and maintain code quality.

Our stack: Ruby on Rails 7, Sidekiq, PostgreSQL, Redis, RSpec, Capybara, Heroku, GitHub Actions

Your immediate impact in the first 3-6 months will be:

Contributing to the launch of the affiliate marketplace, our next big project to take Rewardful to the next level.
Improving the frontend architecture of our application and create a better user experience for our customers.
Automating many of our internal processes to support our rapidly growing customer base.
Your responsibilities

Design, code, and ship awesome new features to support our merchants and affiliates
Make important decisions about architecture and technology
Tune the application and the infrastructure to keep Rewardful fast and reliable
Assist customer support and build tools to automate the platform operations
Write automated tests, provide code reviews, and help maintain the platform
Reduce technical debt to keep the code base tidy and fun to work on
What You bring to the table

At least 3 years of professional Rails development experience. The ability to write and understand code is essential, but you should also have a practical understanding of the specific challenges of running Rails at scale.
Good front-end development skills. JavaScript/TypeScript and CSS don’t scare you; you are familiar with modern front-end development tools (Webpack/Vite, Jest, etc) and used one or more major frontend frameworks (React, Vue, Angular, etc.)
Product and UX sensibility. We don’t need you to be a designer, but you must be able to speak fluently about product design. You know bad design when you see it, and you can explain why.
Excellent written and verbal communication in English. As a distributed development team, most of our communication happens on Slack and GitHub, so the ability to think and write clearly is important.
Empathy and the ability to work in a close-knit team. You’re able to give and receive constructive, candid feedback, and you don’t mind jumping in to help a teammate solve a problem. In the end, it’s all about what’s good for the team and the product.
What’s in it for You

Ultimate flexibility: We’re 100% remote. You can work from wherever you like, whenever you like.
Freedom and autonomy: We’re a high-trust team, and you’ll be given lots of flexibility to solve problems in your own way — with plenty of help from the team when you need it.
Minimum bureaucracy: We don’t like to get bogged down with meetings and red tape. We like to be efficient and keep momentum steady & sustainable.
Small & friendly team: We help each other out, have fun, and joke around.
Our network: We are a community of entrepreneurial SaaS professionals that regularly exchange ideas, knowledge, learning and expertise with each other internally. 
Flexible time off: We want you to recharge your batteries when needed.
Rewardful is part of saas.group and we have a shared goal of succeeding together.

What is saas.group?

Think of us as the driving catalyst behind your favorite software success stories. saas.group, established in 2017, is on a mission to turbocharge promising B2B SaaS ventures, unlocking their full potential. As a Software-as-a-Service portfolio powerhouse, we specialize in acquiring small software treasures and polishing them into industry stars. With a dynamic, fully remote team of nearly 350 colleagues spanning 44 countries we are truly global and we are rewriting the playbook on SaaS innovation and collaboration. We grow 20 exciting brands under our umbrella. Feel free to explore our Candidate's Hub to get an insider's view, dive into our culture, gain valuable insights into our teams and how we work.

We don’t just simply offer you to “take a job with us” but rather to “join us on this journey” to build the world's largest platform of independent SaaS companies. 

Sounds like something you’re up for? Feel free to apply even if you don’t check all these boxes. We believe in the power of diversity and fresh perspectives to spice up our team. Your application might just be the missing ingredient!

—

saas.group is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. If you're passionate about working with a team that values innovation, excellence, and fairness, we encourage you to apply.