Rithum logo
Rithum
Share
Show more options
Senior Software Engineer - Fullstack (TypeScript/Angular)
Spain · 1 day ago · 64 applicants
Promoted by hirer · No response insights available yet
RemoteMatches your job preferences, workplace type is Remote.   Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.   Mid-Senior level
9 of 10 skills match your profile - you may be a good fit
See how you compare to 64 applicants. Reactivate Premium

Easy Apply
 
Save
Save Senior Software Engineer - Fullstack (TypeScript/Angular) at {:companyName}
Senior Software Engineer - Fullstack (TypeScript/Angular)
Rithum · Spain (Remote)

Easy Apply
 
Save
Save Senior Software Engineer - Fullstack (TypeScript/Angular) at {:companyName}
Show more options
People you can reach out to
Universidad Politécnica de Madrid logo
Universidad Politécnica de Madrid logo
School alumni from Universidad Politécnica de Madrid

Show all
About the job
Rithum™ is the world’s most trusted commerce network, accelerating how brands, suppliers, and retailers work together to deliver seamless e-commerce experiences. We provide an unmatched platform for brands and retailers, enabling them to accelerate growth, optimise operations across channels, scale product offerings and enhance margins.

Today, more than 40,000 companies trust Rithum to grow their business across hundreds of channels, representing over $50 billion in annual GMV. Using our commerce, marketing, and delivery solutions, our customers create optimised consumer shopping journeys from beginning to end.

Overview

The Engineering Team employs some of the top engineering talent who are constantly working to improve processes, quality and techniques, with the goal of producing the highest quality software solutions in the industry. The lines between traditional QA and software engineering are blurred here, with quality being considered at all stages of development.

Our team is comprised of very talented and highly motivated individuals, who pride themselves on working smarter, not harder. We’re empowered to make local decisions, reducing the overhead of getting things done. We aim for operational excellence, having a DevOps culture and a “you build it, you run it” mentality. We favor a Lean approach to our product development, following agile workflows such as Scrum and Kanban depending on the directive of the team. We welcome new technologies and are constantly self-evaluating our tech stack to make sure we are providing software of the highest quality. Continuous Delivery is important to us, and we are constantly looking to improve our automated testing and continuous integration.

As a Senior Software Engineer, you are responsible for writing efficient, well-structured, and maintainable code, setting an example for other engineers as a subject matter expert, mentoring and guiding less experienced engineers. You work closely with our lead designers and architects to drive our product forward and to ensure the scalability, maintainability and performance of our product suite.

Responsibilities 

Provide guidance on system architecture decisions, making sure the technical direction aligns with business goals.
Conduct thorough code reviews, ensuring best practices are followed, identifying potential issues, and mentoring junior developers in improving their coding skills.
Provide technical guidance, share knowledge, and help junior and mid-level engineers grow in their roles by reviewing their work and offering constructive feedback.
Work closely with other teams to ensure seamless delivery of software projects and alignment across departments.
Be able to break down large, complex tasks into smaller, manageable components and distribute them among team members.
Play a key role in agile processes, including sprint planning, daily stand-ups, retrospectives, and prioritization of tasks.
Communicate effectively with stakeholders, including product managers, designers, and clients, to clarify requirements and ensure alignment with business objectives.
Handle complex technical challenges, debugging, and resolving issues that may be beyond the scope of junior engineers.
Participate in on-call rotation to support the “you build it you own it” mantra
Understanding and utilization of software development tools including version control, building processes, debuggers, and test frameworks for:
Primary technologies (may include):
TypeScript/React, Angular, JavaScript, Node.js and Rust
Github
SOAP/REST web service APIs
Secondary technologies
AWS services (OpenSearch, Lambda, DynamoDB, Kinesis, RDS, ECS, and others)
Redis, NoSQL
Microsoft SQL Server
Cloud technologies
CI/CD tools/pipelines
Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications

4+ years' experience developing in either Typescript or Rust.
Advanced expertise with Angular or similar modern frontend frameworks.
Strong verbal and written English communication skills
Experience developing web applications, working with databases, and consuming APIs
Understanding of relevant software development tools including version control, build processes and test frameworks
Ability to work independently with limited supervision

Preferred Qualifications

Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science or a closely related field
Proficiency in both TypeScript and Rust; Python experience is a plus
Extensive experience architecting, building, and optimizing AWS services (Lambda, DynamoDB, Kinesis, S3, OpenSearch, RDS and others)
Use of source code repositories such as Azure DevOps and Git
Experience with Infrastructure as Code using either CloudFormation or Terraform
Experience working with NoSQL databases
Experience with performance tuning and optimization techniques for high scale systems
Experience working with development teams in multiple time zones
Proven track record of creating secure and scalable software that scales to dozens or hundreds of servers in a distributed, fault tolerant manner
Experience with e-commerce, retail, online marketplaces, or digital advertising
Excellent analytical, decision-making and problem-solving skills
Proven ability to work in a rapidly changing environment with keen attention to detail

Travel Required

Up to 10%

Other Duties

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

What It’s Like To Work At Rithum

When you join Rithum, you can expect to work with smart risk-takers, courageous collaborators, and curious minds.

As part of the Rithum team, you are valued, supported, and included. Guided by a transparent culture and accessible, approachable leadership, we offer career opportunities aligned to your ambitions and talents. To ensure work and life balance works for you, we also offer an array of resources to support you and your families, including comprehensive benefits and wellness plans.

At Rithum You Will

Partner with the leading brands and retailers.
Connect with passionate professionals who will help support your goals.
Participate in an inclusive, welcoming work atmosphere.
Achieve work-life balance through remote-first working conditions, generous time off, and wellness days.
Receive industry-competitive compensation and total rewards benefits.

Benefits

Medical, Dental and Psychology benefits 
Life insurance and disability benefits
Competitive time off package with 25 Days of PTO, 13 Company-Paid Holidays, 2 Wellness days and 1 Paid Volunteer Day 
Voucher program for Transportation, Meals & Childcare 
Work from the Madrid co-working space, if desired
Remote Working Stipend: €40/month automatically applied in payroll
Access to tools to support your wellbeing such as the Calm App and an Employee Assistance Program 
Professional development stipend and learning and development offerings to help you build the skills and connections you need to move forward in your career. 
Charitable contribution match per team member 

Rithum is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, religion, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status or any other protected characteristic. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need.

We're committed to providing reasonable accommodations in accordance with the law for qualified applicants. If you require assistance during the interview process due to a medical condition or need support accessing our website or completing the application process, please reach out to us by completing the Accommodations Request Form. Your comfort and accessibility are important to us, and we're here to ensure a seamless experience as you explore opportunities with our team.