About the job
Do you want to make a global impact with your development skills? And do you want to actively contribute to the further development of our platform and services, creating opportunities for both the organization and yourself? Then this might be the job for you! Read more below or apply via the “apply for this job” button!

About Shypple
Shypple makes shipping simple.
With our easy-to-use platform and expert services, we are simplifying the complex world of logistics and providing our customers with a seamless shipping experience.
Our platform acts as a centralized dashboard, offering real-time visibility on every aspect of the supply chain and includes a wide range of features such as booking, planning, delivery, and communication possibilities. As a digital service provider, we are revolutionizing the logistics industry by bringing ease, accountability, and efficiency to the supply chain while lowering hassle, communication, and costs. We believe that the perfect solution to disrupting a traditional industry is a smartly developed system combined with a high-quality customer experience.

Your role as Back-end developer
You will be working on simplifying a traditionally complex business, turning it into an intuitive and worldwide scalable product that enables companies to manage logistics in a more time and cost-efficient way. You’ll work on a shipping platform that is growing fast and to which many new features are constantly being added. Together with the team you (pro) actively contribute to developing new features and are responsible for the technical future of the platform. Your opinion and ideas really matter at Shypple. The focus of this position is on the back-end development of logic on the server-side, the definition and maintenance of our services, and ensuring high performance and responsiveness of the application.

Regular activities
Develop and maintain clean, efficient, and scalable Ruby code;
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to design, implement, and deploy a high-performance application;
Analyzing problems and designing high-quality solutions for them.

What Makes Shypple unique?
At Shypple, you’ll join a multicultural, collaborative team with a flat hierarchy where teamwork is key. We thrive on innovation, constantly reimagining logistics with AI and digital solutions. Your work will have a global impact, directly shaping how businesses manage their supply chains. We offer autonomy and ownership, giving you the freedom to define technical goals and drive projects forward.
Enjoy a healthy work-life balance with hybrid work options, team activities, and a supportive culture.
Technically, you’ll tackle scalability and performance challenges, work with cutting-edge technologies, and have dedicated time for technical debt management, ensuring a future-proof platform.

We ask
5+ years of relevant work experience working with Ruby on Rails and you are open to learning other frameworks like NodeJS;
You have a problem-solving mindset and you are a collaborative team player;
Good verbal and written communication skills in English;
The ability to learn new things quickly, and understand a business and its product requirements.

Work location
We are open to remote work, but candidates must be based in the European time zone.
However, relocation to the Netherlands is preferred, and we offer a relocation package to assist with the move.

You get
A great working environment with a team of talented developers who work together for extraordinary success;
A salary between EUR gross 70.000-95.000 a year (depending on your experience);
The opportunity to be a part of a great adventure where you can grow, develop, and get the best out of yourself, including a yearly budget for personal development;

Interested?
You can apply by clicking on the ‘apply now’ button on our website. You will hear from us within one week. If you get selected for the first round, we will explain the next steps of our recruitment process.