Full Stack Engineer, Growth & SEO
Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
WPP is organized into two pillars, each of which is grouped into pods that focus on the central tenets of Stripe's public mission. The Presence pillar creates industry-leading designs for Stripe’s front door surfaces, educates customers about the power of our platform, and drives our business success. The Platform pillar builds the internal machinery that powers these surfaces, and is responsible for making our websites fast, stable, and easy to modify.
WPP offers exciting opportunities to have a major impact on Stripe’s success, as stripe.com is often a user’s first impression of the company, and the vast majority of signups come via the website. We’ll apply data-driven rigor to our curiosity, and we’ll come up with clever ways to get insight into important questions. We’ll have the leeway to test out-of-the-box ideas alongside incremental ones. We’ll apply Stripe’s users-first mentality both internally and externally, crafting tangible productivity and quality-of-life improvements for colleagues while maintaining and elevating the quality of stripe.com.
What you’ll do
As a software engineer on WPP’s Platform pillar, you’ll partner closely with our marketing and data science partners to scope and implement internal tooling that increases the speed, velocity, and delightfulness of modifying the website while maintaining our industry-leading commitment to quality. 
Initiatives could include, but are not limited to: a sophisticated localization system to dramatically improve our velocity and effectiveness of launching new markets, unlocking core web functionality such as search and discoverability, authoring experiences to empower internal partners, and tooling to reduce toil for your fellow designers and engineers. In doing so, you’ll enable Stripes to do their best work, bring additional partners into the authoring process while upholding our high quality bar, and directly impact Stripe’s success by marrying data-driven rigor with our deep commitment to craft.
Responsibilities
Work with a small team of technically sophisticated engineers who put users first
Work closely with a wide variety of internal users
Independently and collaboratively identify solutions to internal user pain points and build and iterate solutions
Integrate our web platform with best-in-class self-serve tooling
Who you are
We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements
4+ years of full stack development experience 
Proven ability to collaborate with other non-technical disciplines
Proven ability to stitch different services and processes together even if you have not worked with them before
Passion for engineering solutions focused around internal enablement
Excellent verbal and written communication
Understanding of how to build and manage scalable, resilient, and observable systems across the stack
You foster a healthy, inclusive, challenging, and supportive work environment with geographically distributed teams
Preferred qualifications
Previous experience engineering solutions focused on internal enablement
Experience in implementing solutions for localization in a global software environment.
Proficiency in Ruby and React
Experience with right-to-left language support
Understanding of cultural nuances and their impact on UX/UI design
Understanding of SEO best practices for multilingual websites
Familiarity with content management systems and how they handle multilingual content
Knowledge of accessibility standards for international audiences
Working remotely at Stripe
A remote location, in most cases, is defined as being 35 miles (56 kilometers) or more from one of our offices. While you would be welcome to come into the office for team/business meetings, on-sites, meet-ups, and events, our expectation is you would regularly work from home rather than a Stripe office. Stripe does not cover the cost of relocating to a remote location. We encourage you to apply for roles that match the location where you currently or plan to live.
Pay and benefits
The annual salary range for this role in the primary location is €61,600 - €92,400. This range may change if you are hired in another location. For sales roles, the range provided is the role’s On Target Earnings (“OTE”) range, meaning that the range includes both the sales commissions/sales bonuses target and annual base salary for the role. This salary range may be inclusive of several career levels at Stripe and will be narrowed during the interview process based on a number of factors, including the candidate’s experience, qualifications, and specific location. Applicants interested in this role and who are not located in the primary location may request the annual salary range for their location during the interview process.
Specific benefits and details about what compensation is included in the salary range listed above will vary depending on the applicant’s location and can be discussed in more detail during the interview process. Benefits/additional compensation for this role may include: equity, company bonus or sales commissions/bonuses; retirement plans; health benefits; and wellness stipends.