Full Stack Engineer, Tax Team
Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Collecting and filing sales & indirect taxes is a classic area for technology disruption. Companies selling across countries, states, and even smaller jurisdictions have to navigate through a myriad of tax rates, product-level tax exemptions, filing requirements, and registration obligations. The rules are constantly changing, and not accurately calculating and filing tax can have legal ramifications.
It’s no surprise then that solving for tax compliance is a top user ask. We launched Stripe Tax as a new SaaS product in 2021 to help solve this pain point and make tax compliance as effortless as possible. The Stripe Tax Experience team is entirely Europe-based and focuses on the user- and merchant-facing Stripe Tax product, with a focus on the calculations component of Stripe Tax. It’s still early days, and we’re looking for strong software engineers to help build our product and business.
Please note that this role requires a hybrid work model, combining both remote work and in-office presence in Barcelona, Spain. 
What you’ll do
As an engineer on the Stripe Tax team, you will have the opportunity to work on one of Stripe’s newest products. Stripe Tax launched recently, in June 2021, so we’re still in our early days, which means ample opportunity for impact and growth. As a backend / API engineer on the team, you will build and expand APIs and services, working with other engineers to build delightful features that span all of the varying integration paths that Stripe offers, as well as working with our sales and operations teams to understand and solve our users’ pain points. Despite being a backend-focussed engineer, when needed you do not shy away from jumping at the opportunity to work directly on some of the UI surfaces our merchants interact with.
Responsibilities
Work with a wide range of systems, processes, and technologies to own and solve problems from end-to-end
Build experiences for businesses that range from high growth startups to leading global companies providing them with the tools so they can run their business and not worry about tax
Uphold our high engineering standards and bring consistency to the many codebases and processes you will encounter
Collaborate with stakeholders across the organization such as product, design, infrastructure, marketing and operations
Design, build, expand and maintain APIs and services
Work on the Stripe Dashboard for merchants
Debug production issues across services and multiple levels of the stack
Who you are
We’re looking for someone who meets the minimum requirements to be considered for the role. If you meet these requirements, you are encouraged to apply. The preferred qualifications are a bonus, not a requirement.
Minimum requirements
4+ years of experience shipping high-quality products
An entrepreneurial mindset
Thrived in a highly collaborative environment involving different stakeholders and subject matter experts
Taken pride in working on projects to successful completion involving a wide variety of technologies and systems
Put themselves in the shoes of your users and be a steward of crafting great experiences
Enjoyed working with a diverse group of people with different expertise
Upholds best practices in engineering, security, and design
Can put yourself in the shoes of your users and be a steward of crafting great experiences
Preferred qualifications
Enjoyed being a generalist working on whatever it takes to solve problems and delight users
Working remotely at Stripe
A remote location, in most cases, is defined as being 35 miles (56 kilometers) or more from one of our offices. While you would be welcome to come into the office for team/business meetings, on-sites, meet-ups, and events, our expectation is you would regularly work from home rather than a Stripe office. Stripe does not cover the cost of relocating to a remote location. We encourage you to apply for roles that match the location where you currently or plan to live.
Pay and benefits
The annual salary range for this role in the primary location is €61,600 - €92,400. This range may change if you are hired in another location. For sales roles, the range provided is the role’s On Target Earnings (“OTE”) range, meaning that the range includes both the sales commissions/sales bonuses target and annual base salary for the role. This salary range may be inclusive of several career levels at Stripe and will be narrowed during the interview process based on a number of factors, including the candidate’s experience, qualifications, and specific location. Applicants interested in this role and who are not located in the primary location may request the annual salary range for their location during the interview process.
Specific benefits and details about what compensation is included in the salary range listed above will vary depending on the applicant’s location and can be discussed in more detail during the interview process. Benefits/additional compensation for this role may include: equity, company bonus or sales commissions/bonuses; retirement plans; health benefits; and wellness stipends.
Remote locations
Remote in Spain
Team
Stripe Tax
Job type
Full time
Apply for this role 
Please find our EU applicant personal information notice here.
We look forward to hearing from you
At Stripe, we're looking for people with passion, grit, and integrity. You're encouraged to apply even if your experience doesn't precisely match the job description. Your skills and passion will stand out—and set you apart—especially if your career has taken some extraordinary twists and turns. At Stripe, we welcome diverse perspectives and people who think rigorously and aren't afraid to challenge assumptions. Join us.


