Teal logo
Teal
Share
Show more options
Senior Software Engineer
Madrid, Community of Madrid, Spain · 3 days ago · Over 100 applicants
Promoted by hirer · Actively reviewing applicants
 
 Remote
Matches your job preferences, workplace type is Remote.

 Full-time
Matches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.

Easy Apply
 
Save
Save Senior Software Engineer at Teal
How your profile and resume fit this job
Get AI-powered advice on this job and more exclusive features with Premium. Reactivate Premium




Tailor my resume to this job

Am I a good fit for this job?

How can I best position myself for this job?

About the job
Role: Software Engineer (Backend or Full Stack)
Location: Remote (Europe)
Hiring contact: Lucho Cekov (CTO) - lucho@goteal.co
Start Date: ASAP

Who we are
Teal is a payroll data API platform building financial data solutions for the credit industry. Teal is a fully modular API platform that connects with different payroll sources to provide real time income data to lenders and supports their credit processes.
Payroll is the source of income for most people, it offers the most direct, consistent, and reliable foundation for assessing creditworthiness. Teal’s technology puts this data in the hands of both lenders and borrowers, helping lenders meet regulatory expectations, while giving individuals more control over how they access the credit they need.

We are backed by leading investors and angels in the fintech space, who share our big ambition to become a leading provider for financial data and credit infrastructure in Europe. Our latest funding round has just closed and we are now ready to build a strong team to scale Teal.

What we’re looking for
We are looking for someone who is ready to put up their sleeves from day one. We want curious and agile people, who are ready to take on challenges and adapt fast. 
The main skill set we are looking for is strong software engineering experience, preferably with Kotlin/Java or Python. We highly value experience in cloud-based environments and REST APIs. Exposure to working with Large Language Models is a big plus. If you are not an expert in Kotlin/Java or Python but instead have strong general purpose programming language experience (at least one of Go, Rust, JS/ES6, C/C++, C#) and a strong desire to learn, we’d be happy to have a chat.
As a software engineer, you must be equally willing to dive into a well-written and composable back-end or work with state of the art LLMs and a variety of database and streaming technologies. You don’t have to be an expert in everything, but you must be willing and eager to learn and grow your skills.
You are a creative, passionate, and intelligent person who loves solving innovative problems
You are excited by the opportunity to shape a fast-growing technology company
Your interests go beyond just your team’s objectives; you are curious about where the organisation is moving as a whole.
You can make well-reasoned choices regarding what technologies to use and when to use them.

What you’ll be doing
You will be building Teal from the ground up, being involved from the start in core features of the company. You will have the opportunity to drive the development of various features across Teal services from design to deployment to cloud. At Teal we use the best tech tools available, we are open for experimentation. You will be working in a fast paced environment collaborating with team members across Europe.
You’ll mostly be programming in pure Kotlin or Python, building business logic in microservices running in the cloud. We use the tool that best fits the problem, so other languages and technologies might be used.
You'll do fine tuning, querying and deploying LLMs in the cloud. 
You’ll be writing back-end code of the highest quality fully covered with unit tests.
You'll reverse engineer internal APIs of Payroll Provider's web pages.
You'll use AI agents to automate repetitive coding problems.
You’ll invent solutions to unique problems which require creativity and engineering approach.
You’ll be doing Dev-Ops coding with Terraform and Ansible to shape our cloud infrastructure.
You’ll be working in a cross-functional team, empowered to rapidly iterate and release features.
You won’t be coding in isolation - our culture is strongly collaborative, whether pair programming with other developers or working closely with our CEO and CPO.
You’ll have full ownership of parts of the code with frequent reviews and help from the team.
Sometimes deciding what code to write is as hard as writing the code itself. As an engineer you’ll be involved in product decisions as well as technical ones.
You’ll be encouraged to grow - we support moving between different profiles and roles in order to learn new skills and technologies in whatever direction you choose.

What you’ll be working with
You'll be working with the following technologies (no prior experience required):
Ktor for building our backend application server
PostgreSQL for our persistent data store
React + TypeScript for our web app and console
OpenAI APIs for enhancing product capabilities
AWS for our cloud infrastructure
GitHub Actions for our CI/CD pipelines

Interview process
We have a straightforward three-step interview process:
A 30 min intro call with a Teal engineer and the CTO to get to know each other and understand your background.
A take-home coding task which then will be reviewed together with a Teal engineer or the CTO. 
The final step is two back-to-back calls with the founders (CEO and CPO). After this step, we will make our hiring decision.

What we offer
Challenging tasks in a small and fast-moving team
Competitive salary with a meaningful stock option package
Annual leave plus public holidays guaranteed
Flexibility of working from home
Opportunity to have real impact
Fun work environment with activities and regular offsites

Working culture
We believe in hiring people who make an impact from day one and take ownership of their projects. We value open dialogue and including people in company core conversations, fostering a culture where people’s voices can be heard and our employees look forward to coming to work. We believe in curiosity, as a superpower, always going to the deep of a question to find the best solution.
We believe diversity of people, backgrounds, experience and ideas helps us to build better products and achieve more. We welcome applicants with diverse backgrounds, different lived experiences and different perspectives.
We encourage flexible working to better balance the needs of the company and employees as their circumstances change over time, and in order to attract and retain a diverse team. No two situations are identical, so please discuss with us at or before the offer stage.

Come join us to build a more connected credit experience for everyone