TestGorilla logo
TestGorilla
Share
Show more options
Senior Software Engineer, AI/ML Platform 
EMEA · 4 days ago · Over 100 people clicked apply
Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn
RemoteMatches your job preferences, workplace type is Remote.   Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.
6 of 10 skills match your profile - you may be a good fit
Curious where you stand? See how you compare to over 100 others who clicked apply. Reactivate Premium

Apply
 
Save
Save Senior Software Engineer, AI/ML Platform  at TestGorilla
About the job
Hi there, I'm Raùl, Director of Data at TestGorilla. We’re excited to share more about the Senior Software Engineer, AI/ML Platform role and our team.

About TestGorilla
Imagine a world where everyone lands their dream job. TestGorilla is revolutionizing the hiring process through skills-based hiring, empowering one billion people to do just that. Our platform provides scientifically validated tests, enabling companies to hire faster and without bias, based on true skills and potential. We also empower candidates to showcase their abilities and find ideal roles.
At TestGorilla, we stand for diversity, act with integrity, and put talent first. We celebrate individuality and creativity and believe in a workplace where you can make a big impact. Our team works in a flexible, autonomous environment with a focus on well-being and results.
Join us in creating a future where skills matter most, and everyone has the chance to land their dream job.


About the role
We are looking for a versatile senior engineer blending software engineering, data engineering and modern AI/ML development skills. You'll build and operate the critical systems underpinning our AI/ML/data infrastructure, focusing on practical, scalable solutions.
Your core tasks involve creating core data infrastructure, integrating and deploying AI models, especially leveraging APIs and LLMs. This requires hands-on work with cloud platforms, containerization, and infrastructure automation tools. It also includes close collaboration with the Backend and DevSecOps teams.
Your impact will be direct: enabling new AI-powered features, collaborating across technical boundaries to effectively merge data, software, and AI using modern engineering practices.
This position has a very wide impact in the organization, is very visible, and is expected to deliver impactful solutions with minimal supervision.

Responsibilities
Integrating and operationalizing AI/ML models (esp. via APIs and LLMs)
Building & maintaining robust data pipelines (ETL/ELT)
Developing and deploying scalable services & APIs, incl. containerization
Managing cloud infrastructure using Infrastructure-as-Code (IaC)
Managing diverse data storage solutions (warehouses, databases)
Implementing reporting (dashboards as-code in Holistics), system monitoring, logging, and alerting
Automating build, test, and deployment workflows (CI/CD)
Troubleshooting issues across data, application, and infrastructure layers
Collaborating closely across all engineering and product teams

What you’ll bring
We're looking for someone who:
Experience deploying or integrating AI/ML models/services (e.g., using APIs, understanding MLOps fundamentals)
Strong programming skills, with a preference for Python with demonstrated experience developing and deploying scalable backend services and APIs
Proven experience building, deploying, and maintaining data pipelines (ETL/ELT)
Has Hands-on experience with at least one major cloud provider (AWS, GCP, Azure)
Experience with containerization (Docker) and orchestration (Kubernetes)
Familiarity with Infrastructure as Code principles and tools (e.g., Terraform)
Solid understanding of various database technologies (SQL, NoSQL)
Has experience in implementing and utilising CI/CD practices and tools
Is a strong stakeholder management and communication skills, with the ability to organize cross-functional requests and explain complex ideas in plain English
Is proactive and collaborative, takes initiative and delivers results with minimal supervision
Has eagerness to learn new technologies and adaptable to changing requirements in a fast-moving AI environment
We actively seek diversity and encourage applications from everyone. If you're interested in this role but your experience doesn't perfectly match the description, please still apply. Studies show that women and underrepresented groups can be hesitant to apply unless they meet every requirement. If this role excites you and you're confident you can do the job, we encourage you to apply!

Bonus skills
While these skills aren’t a requirement, we’d be very interested to hear from you if you have;
Familiarity interacting with APIs from major AI service providers (e.g., OpenAI, Anthropic, Google Vertex AI, AWS SageMaker endpoints, Hugging Face Inference Endpoints)
Understanding of concepts related to deploying and managing Large Language Model (LLM) based applications (e.g., prompt engineering basics, context management)
Experience with or strong understanding of vector databases and embedding generation/retrieval (e.g., Pinecone, Weaviate, Chroma, FAISS)
Familiarity with basic MLOps concepts surrounding model deployment, versioning, and monitoring (even without building the models)
Experience working with the AI/ML services for deployment and integration from the main cloud platforms (AWS, GCP, or Azure)

What’s in it for you?
Please note: Some specifics, particularly around leave, may vary depending on your country of residence. This will be discussed during the hiring process.
Global Team:Join a fully remote, mission-driven team from around the world
Competitive compensation: Receive a competitive pay €64,000 - €80,000 + Share Appreciation Rights (SARs)
While the initial hiring range has a set maximum, your earning potential doesn't stop there. With strong performance, you could grow within this job level to earn up to €96,000.
Remote & flexible work: Work from almost anywhere*. Enjoy flexible hours and asynchronous work to balance work and life.
Check out the Countries we currently hire from here
Remote work budget: €1,000 per year to help you set up your home office
Growth & development: Invest in yourself and your career with a 3.5% L&D budget and clear growth opportunities
Stimulating work environment: Tackle new challenges and work with innovative technology in a dynamic setting
Connect with your team: Join optional fun virtual socials, AMAs with team members and leadership, and regular fun chats. Build a strong sense of community!
TestGorilla community groups: Join peers to build community and boost opportunities for connection, advocacy, and professional development
Parent/Caregiver support: We provide a caregiver-friendly work environment with paid 8-16 week parental leave and tailored return-to-work approaches
Work-life balance: Our unlimited and flexible time off policy empowers you to take the time you need to recharge and maintain your well-being

Interested?
We believe in using our own product to ensure fair and objective hiring. If this role aligns with your skills and aspirations, we invite you to complete one of our very own assessments. This will give you a firsthand experience of our platform and help us get to know you better. We look forward to hearing from you!TestGorilla is committed to building a diverse and inclusive workplace. We believe that diverse teams are stronger teams, and we encourage applications from people of all backgrounds. We understand that some candidates may experience test anxiety, and we want to assure you that accommodations are available and can be requested prior to sitting our assessments. Your request will not negatively impact your application, as we do not factor this into our review process.