Treatwell logo
Treatwell
Share
Show more options
Senior Backend Software Engineer - Java 
Spain · Reposted 2 weeks ago · Over 100 applicants
Promoted by hirer · Actively reviewing applicants
RemoteMatches your job preferences, workplace type is Remote.   Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.   Mid-Senior level
10 of 10 skills match your profile - you may be a good fit
See how you compare to over 100 other applicants. Reactivate Premium

Easy Apply
 
Save
Save Senior Backend Software Engineer - Java  at Treatwell
Senior Backend Software Engineer - Java
Treatwell · Spain (Remote)

Easy Apply
 
Save
Save Senior Backend Software Engineer - Java  at Treatwell
Show more options
Meet the hiring team

Verónica V. is hiring
Verónica V.  
 2nd
Connecting top talent with Treatwell!
Job poster · 1 mutual connection

Message
 
Show all
About the job
Senior Backend Software Engineer 

In this role, you will make a meaningful contribution in ensuring we continue to move in the right direction. You will be working on a variety of exciting technologies. Our tech stack is: Java with Spring Boot, Hibernate, PostgreSQL, MSSQL, Git, GitLab, GitLab CI, Docker, Kubernetes, and AWS.

Your application will be deployed through automated pipelines in CI/CD and monitored using a set of Business and Tech observability tools.

You Will Be Responsible For

Ambition and Speed: Do whatever you can to help your team meet or exceed its goals and you will drive incremental improvements in both the way we work and the software we deliver. Help us to realise this vision and accelerate the journey, knowing what great technology looks like and mentoring our existing team.
Raising Quality: We do things well, but we're not complacent. We want to do great work and to be known for it. We expect you raise the bar in quality overall. 
Empowerment: Be part of an empowered team to operate independently and to ship to production as frequently as you see fit.


About You

Technical Proficiency: You have experience with most of our tech stack and are quick to learn new technologies.
Technical Design & Complex Systems: You know good technical design when you see it and how to ensure quality is embedded in the software development process. You have a deep understanding of how distributed applications are designed and built.
Agile Experience: You have proven experience in a high-performing, autonomous Agile development team that delivers continuously. Your experience includes practices like pair programming, automated testing, TDD, BDD, continuous integration (trunk base development). 
Communication: You're a good communicator, fun to work with and enjoy being part of a vocal, passionate team.
You're able to use your skills and expertise to improve the lives of those around you.
You're able to develop your mentoring and leadership skills whilst collaborating with other Engineers. 
You can be proud of your contribution to Europe's largest health and beauty SaaS and Marketplace. Supporting thousands of salons, connecting with new customers and growing. 


About Treatwel

Hi, we're Treatwell. Nice to meet you.

We're a team of 700 passionate and brilliantly talented people across Europe. We're the industry's smartest salon management software, all connected to Europe's leading bookings platform, working with over 50,000 salon partners across 13 countries, processing over 8 million bookings every month. And....breathe.

But we're not done yet. We're on an exciting journey to digitally revolutionise the hair and beauty community.

If this excites you, we might just have the role for you.

We'll treat you with

28-days holiday, plus bank holidays
Monthly 40EUR Treatwell vouchers so you can treat yourself too
Benefits platform offering cycle to work scheme, high street discounts and other perks 
Growth funds for you to develop and grow with your team
Mental health support through our partnership with Plumm
100% remote position with flexible working Equal Ops 


Treatwell is an ‘Open to All' employer and warmly welcomes everybody to the team. We are committed to making reasonable adjustments to the recruitment process as required. Please add any adjustment requests to your application