Twilio logo
Twilio
Share
Show more options
Staff, Software Engineer 
Spain · 3 days ago · 38 people clicked apply
Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn
RemoteMatches your job preferences, workplace type is Remote.   Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.
9 of 10 skills match your profile - you may be a good fit
Curious where you stand? See how you compare to 38 others who clicked apply. Reactivate Premium

Apply
 
Save
Save Staff, Software Engineer  at Twilio
Staff, Software Engineer
Twilio · Spain (Remote)

Apply
 
Save
Save Staff, Software Engineer  at Twilio
Show more options
People you can reach out to



Joaquín Ismael and others in your network

Show all
About the job
Who We Are

At Twilio, we’re shaping the future of communications, all from the comfort of our homes. We deliver innovative solutions to hundreds of thousands of businesses and empower millions of developers worldwide to craft personalized customer experiences.

Our dedication to remote-first work, and strong culture of connection and global inclusion means that no matter your location, you’re part of a vibrant team with diverse experiences making a global impact each day. As we continue to revolutionize how the world interacts, we’re acquiring new skills and experiences that make work feel truly rewarding. Your career at Twilio is in your hands.

See yourself at Twilio

Join the team as Twilio’s next Staff Software Engineer.

About The Job

This position is needed to design and engineer AI powered features on Twilio’s Voice and Communications Intelligence product as part of growing our investment in utilizing artificial intelligence to support communications. The role joins an established team of software and machine learning engineers based in the US and EMEA building these features.

As a Staff Engineer, you'll be a pillar of our engineering team, playing a pivotal role in designing, building, and deploying the next generation of our distributed systems and microservices architecture.

Responsibilities

In this role, you’ll:

Lead the design and development of complex software systems, ensuring high performance, security, and scalability.
Translate product & project requirements into clear technical tasks to lead engineers to build.
Mentor and provide technical guidance to junior and mid-level engineers, promoting best practices and coding standards.
Collaborate with product managers, designers, and other stakeholders to define software requirements and scope of work.
Participate in code reviews and provide constructive feedback to team members.
Contribute to architectural decision-making and drive continuous improvement of software development processes.
Investigate and resolve complex technical issues, and ensure the quality of software deliverables.

Qualifications

Twilio values diverse experiences from all kinds of industries, and we encourage everyone who meets the required qualifications to apply. If your career is just starting or hasn't followed a traditional path, don't let that stop you from considering Twilio. We are always looking for people who will bring something new to the table!

Required

8+ years of experience with a proven track record of designing, building, and deploying large, scalable distributed systems and microservices architectures.
7+ years of experience in Java, including advanced concepts like concurrency, multi-threading, and performance optimization. Experience with at least one framework in which you can be called an expert.
Proficiency using cloud platforms like AWS, including containerization technologies like Docker and Kubernetes.
Expert in developing APIs and RESTful services, who understands how to model APIs and follow an API-First approach.
Knowledge of software architecture techniques like domain driven design, microservices, event driven design and hexagonal architecture.
Strong understanding of databases & data storage - including relation and document storage and with techniques like query optimization and data modeling principles.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to articulate complex technical concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences. 

Desired

Experience building machine learning powered software and with MLOps
Knowledge of telecommunications

Location

This role will be remote, and based in Spain.

Travel 

We prioritize connection and opportunities to build relationships with our customers and each other. For this role, you may be required to travel occasionally to participate in project or team in-person meetings.

What We Offer

Working at Twilio offers many benefits, including competitive pay, generous time off, ample parental and wellness leave, healthcare, a retirement savings program, and much more. Offerings vary by location.

Twilio thinks big. Do you?

We like to solve problems, take initiative, pitch in when needed, and are always up for trying new things. That's why we seek out colleagues who embody our values — something we call Twilio Magic. Additionally, we empower employees to build positive change in their communities by supporting their volunteering and donation efforts.

So, if you're ready to unleash your full potential, do your best work, and be the best version of yourself, apply now! If this role isn't what you're looking for, please consider other open positions.

Twilio is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, reproductive health decisions, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, political views or activity, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. Additionally, Twilio participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law.