Veriff

Senior Back-End Engineer 
Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain · Reposted 2 weeks ago · Over 100 people clicked apply
Senior Back-End Engineer
Veriff · Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain (Remote)

Janari K. is hiring
Janari K.  
 2nd
Head of Engineering at Veriff

Message
About the job
The Engineering team builds the software powering Veriff. We're cracking the online identity crisis in a scalable way, deploying excellence to keep Veriff on the cusp of innovation. It's a fast-paced market with many challenges. We need new talent on board to help us fill the gaps - bringing new ways of thinking into the team and, therefore, new possibilities. We're seeking an experienced team member to join our Governmental Registries team as a Senior Backend Engineer.

In this role, you'll be a vital contributor to shaping Veriff's innovation around extending use cases through the integrations of governmental registries focusing exclusively on backend technologies. You will dive into a big variety of technologies to make the internet safer. In this role, we're not just looking for an engineer; we're seeking a product minded individual with exceptional vision ready to lead the team to new levels and tackle challenges head-on. Join us on this exciting adventure!

You’ll Help Us Protect Honest People Online By

Designing, developing, and testing software applications or systems using Python and TypeScript
Producing high-quality, well-tested code with modern abstractions and frameworks
Deepening your understanding of relevant product areas, codebase, and systems
Demonstrating proficiency in data analysis, programming, and software engineering
Tackling problems of moderate scope, crafting core backend software components
Collaborating with other teams, incorporating and sharing innovations
Conducting design and code reviews
Identifying and driving changes as needed for codebases, product areas, and/or systems
Independently completing medium to large features, each with many tasks and milestones 


You are the right future Veriffian for the job if you have:

Over 5 years of experience building large-scale applications
Long-term experience in Python and/or NodeJS using TypeScript, readiness to learn about each
Ownership experience of a specific component, feature, or system
A proven track record in developing, debugging, and shipping software products on large code bases
A Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a relevant technical field
The ability to inspire growth within teams by setting new standards


You can also check our tech stack on Stackshare

Why Veriff?

We are the preferred identity verification platform partner for the world’s most innovative growth-driven organizations helping conveniently verify and safeguard users anywhere in the world. We support the broadest number of identity documents from nearly every country and territory in the world - and this is continually increasing! With a diverse team in the United States, United Kingdom, Spain, and Estonia, as well as robust backing and funding from investors including Accel, Alkeon, IVP, Tiger Capital, and Y Combinator, we’re dedicated to helping businesses and individuals build a safer and more secure world. We strive to be the benchmark for trust online, and we take pride in being a positive force.

When you join Team Veriff, we offer you the opportunity to have a real impact and advance your career, while looking after you along the way with a range of benefits designed with you in mind. Some of our favorites include...

Flexibility to work from home
Stock options that ensure your share in our success
Extra recharge days on top of your annual vacation
Comprehensive relocation support to Estonia or Spain
Extensive medical, dental, and vision insurance to ensure you’re feeling great physically and mentally
Learning and Development & Health and Sports budget that you are free to tailor to your own needs
Four weeks of fully paid sabbatical leave after reaching your 5th work anniversary 


We are an Equal Opportunities employer committed to a diverse and representative team. Different opinions, perspectives and personalities push us forward. We want to hear from people who are passionate about their work and align with our values. Regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status or disability. We also know the confidence gap and imposter syndrome can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates - so rest assured, whoever you are, we want to hear from you!

Please be informed that in the final stage of the recruitment process we may request you to go through identity verification. For more information, please see Recruitment Privacy Policy.