Volkswagen Digital:Hub logo
Volkswagen Digital:Hub
Share
Show more options
Middle Team Lead
Valencia, Valencian Community, Spain · Reposted 18 hours ago · Over 100 people clicked apply
Promoted by hirer · Responses managed off LinkedIn
RemoteMatches your job preferences, workplace type is Remote.   Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.   Associate
8 of 10 skills match your profile - you may be a good fit
Curious where you stand? See how you compare to over 100 others who clicked apply. Reactivate Premium

Apply
 
Save
Save Middle Team Lead at Volkswagen Digital:Hub
People you can reach out to
Universidad Politécnica de Madrid logo
Universidad Politécnica de Madrid logo
School alumni from Universidad Politécnica de Madrid

Show all
Meet the hiring team

Janet Toledo Liviac
Janet Toledo Liviac 
 2nd
HR Specialist
Job poster · 1 mutual connection

Message
About the job
Volkswagen Group Services is excited to present a fantastic opportunity to join our Volkswagen Digital:Hub in Spain. As part of the global Software Development Centre network in the Volkswagen Group, we constantly seek talented individuals ready to bring their unique skills to our projects.

Our start-up environment is collaborative, innovative, and open to new ideas. We strive to cultivate a work culture that encourages individual growth, team empowerment, and project excellence. We value respect, teamwork, and the common purpose that binds us as a group. If you're ready to thrive in a dynamic start-up environment and be part of our family, supported by one of the largest companies in the world, we invite you to read further.

About the Team and the Hub:

Our culture is centered around fostering individual growth and team empowerment within a flexible and supportive environment.
We prioritize respect, teamwork, and inclusivity, recognizing and valuing the unique contributions of each member.
We embrace a work-life balance philosophy and encourage continuous personal and professional development.

 Responsibilities

Running 1:1s listening to the team, giving them your support and going with them in their professional and personal development.
Delivering fair performance reviews in order to build trust and motivate your team.
Hiring the best talent for your team.
Onboarding process into the team and Offboarding of the team if it is necessary to another.
To anticipate, identify and eliminate blockers in the team.
Product owners & Delivery managers Best Friend.
Oil for the team.
Ensure Guidelines, Best Practices and Architecture.
Delivery Advocate & Enabler.
Responsible of sharing the knowledge and the team agreements between the team.
You will work on a day-to-day basis with our design, frontend, backend and testing team to build a scalable and solid product.
BA Degree in Computer Sciences (or FP) and/or professional experience in Software.
Software engineering background.
At least 4 years of experience, with a minimum of 2 years as Team Lead and experience doing product manager role.
Good management skills and team spirit.
Experience with Java and Spring ecosystem, Spring boot, go or another languages.
Experience with testing tools like: Jest, Cypress, Testing library...
Experience with AWS; AWS Glue, AWS Lambda, AWS CloudFormation Service, AWS Cloudwatch Service, AWS DynamoDB Service, AWS VPC (Amazon Virtual Private)...
Vanguard is a plus
Experience with REST APIs.
DevOps knowledge (Kubernetes, Azure DevOps)
Fluent English and/or Spanish speaker.
German is a plus

Requirements:

BA Degree in Computer Sciences (or FP) and/or professional experience in Software.
Software engineering background.
At least 4 years of experience, with a minimum of 2 years as Team Lead and experience doing product manager role.
Good management skills and team spirit.
Experience with Java and Spring ecosystem, Spring boot, go or another languages.
Experience with testing tools like: Jest, Cypress, Testing library...
Experience with AWS; AWS Glue, AWS Lambda, AWS CloudFormation Service, AWS Cloudwatch Service, AWS DynamoDB Service, AWS VPC (Amazon Virtual Private)...
Vanguard is a plus
Experience with REST APIs.
DevOps knowledge (Kubernetes, Azure DevOps)
Fluent English and/or Spanish speaker.
German is a plus

Join us at Volkswagen Digital:Hub to advance your career in a role where your administrative skills will directly contribute to the success and smooth operation of our innovative projects.