Senior Software Engineer (Platform, Ruby)
Barcelona, Spain
About Workato

Workato transforms technology complexity into business opportunity. As the leader in enterprise orchestration, Workato helps businesses globally streamline operations by connecting data, processes, applications, and experiences. Its AI-powered platform enables teams to navigate complex workflows in real-time, driving efficiency and agility.

Trusted by a community of 400,000 global customers, Workato empowers organizations of every size to unlock new value and lead in today’s fast-changing world. Learn how Workato helps businesses of all sizes achieve more at workato.com.

Why join us?

Ultimately, Workato believes in fostering a flexible, trust-oriented culture that empowers everyone to take full ownership of their roles. We are driven by innovation and looking for team players who want to actively build our company. 

But, we also believe in balancing productivity with self-care. That’s why we offer all of our employees a vibrant and dynamic work environment along with a multitude of benefits they can enjoy inside and outside of their work lives. 

If this sounds right up your alley, please submit an application. We look forward to getting to know you!

Also, feel free to check out why:

Business Insider named us an “enterprise startup to bet your career on”

Forbes’ Cloud 100 recognized us as one of the top 100 private cloud companies in the world

Deloitte Tech Fast 500 ranked us as the 17th fastest growing tech company in the Bay Area, and 96th in North America

Quartz ranked us the #1 best company for remote workers

Responsibilities

We are looking for an exceptional Senior Ruby on Rails Developer to join our growing team. In this role, you will be responsible for building API interfaces and backend infrastructure and collaborate with UI, connectivity and DevOps teams to come up with elegant solutions to complex problems. In this role, you will also be responsible to:

Build complex Ruby on Rails applications.

Build server side infrastructure for Workato user interface.

Contribute in all phases of the development lifecycle

Write well designed, testable, efficient code.

Evaluate and propose improvements to existing system.

Support continuous improvement by investigating alternatives and technologies and presenting these for architectural review.

Requirements

Qualifications / Experience / Technical Skills

Strong experience developing, shipping and maintaining Rails applications (5+ years)

Vast knowledge of Ruby

Excellent debugging, analytical, problem solving, and social skills

BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject

Solid knowledge of object-oriented programming and design

Experience with Redis/Memcache based caching, RDBMS engines(Postgres)

Solid knowledge of object-oriented programming and design

Contributions to open source projects is a plus

(REQ ID: 1900)